---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: Revival is Now Podcast
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 7/11
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3Xsi3KE7dI
Title: Steve's Deliverance Story: Set Free from Chronic Insomnia & Anxiety
Date: 2025-02-02
Keywords: [not added yet]
---

I had chronic fatigue chronic insomnia
and so it was just this NeverEnding
cycle of not having enough energy to do
anything to even live life I was just so
desperate for Jesus to heal me and I was
lying in my bed one night and I just
typed in God Miracles into YouTube and I
came across one of your videos and I
knew right then and there that if I went
to 5f the next day that these demons
were going to leave my body he got with
100% shity
sure and praise God Jesus changed my
life that day knew that this was a real
move of God this Jesus was really here
because I saw the fruits from others and
from you yourself
so um so yeah I knew it I knew that this
is where Jesus was praise God welcome to
the Revival is Now podcast I'm Apostle
Katherine Crick and I'm so blessed and
excited to have you join me here I'm so
excited for what God's going to do for
you as you watch this anointing this
power of God is going to move through
the screen and touch you God's going to
speak to you and I believe your life
will be changed through this episode I'm
so excited to have a guest with me here
today Steve welcome hi thank you for for
having me on here I'm just so honored to
be here oh glory to God well Steve you
have been playing guitar electric guitar
at fivefold church on the worship
team and you've been playing with the
anointing powerfully and been such a
blessing your service to God is such a
blessing for everyone at 5f everyone
watching online across the world thank
you for serving God oh it's it's a
privilege it's an honor I'm I'm yes the
anointing has really allowed me to play
even better and everything I'm doing is
is him through me just allowing me to do
what I'm doing praise God and so how
long have you been coming to fivefold
church so I first came to five full
Church on August 28th
2022 and um prior to that I just I had
so much bondage in my life uh I had
chronic fatigue uh chronic sleep issues
chronic
insomnia um it was so bad basically
where in the weekends I couldn't catch
up on sleep at all and so it was just
this NeverEnding cycle of not having
enough energy to do anything to even
live life it was were you just like
laying in bed unable to sleep sleep for
a little bit and then well so you know I
I did have a full-time job um I was
working I'm working from home and I was
working from home at that time um but it
was basically I would sleep for like
four hours and then I would wake up like
at three in the morning
and and I wouldn't go back to sleep and
every day every night it was like uh at
least three times a week and um it just
got really really bad so like for from
like
2021 um all the way to like August uh
2022 it has it was really really bad and
it was um causing me to have like heart
pains or pains in my chest I I really
couldn't live life I could barely even
work a full-time job um and uh I yeah I
couldn't do any like I could barely do
anything on the weekends because I would
have to think about oh how is this going
to affect me am I going to be even have
the energy to do what I need to do for
the next week and you know for many
years previous to that uh I was doing a
lot of Health uh natural health things
um to try to you know alleviate the
problem which which did for several
years um but it it just stopped working
um it just all stopped working um and so
2021 was the worst basically yeah it was
it was your worst year of my life it
really was were you a Believer during
that time yeah so I was I was a Believer
during that time and in Jesus that is
yeah that's right I was a believer in
Jesus so I you know I I was trying to
obey God you know and and I was doing
all the right things I was trying to
read my Bible I was uh you know going to
church
um and I was yeah I was you know trying
to do all the right things and um you
know many many years previous to 2021 I
would say around
2011 or
2012 um I had become very religious a
very know-it-all type of Christian um
somebody who was just very critical
judgmental of people judgmental of other
Christians I also became very religious
so it was
basically I was doing a set of
Commandments and that was making God
please with me and um it was during this
time I actually uh you know I I I opened
doors to the devil because I didn't um
realize that the Holy Spirit was so
important and and being led by the Holy
Spirit was so important and I actually
you know ended up smoking marijuana and
uh just to believe I was just thinking
well I'm just going to release some
stress and relax and um so I opened up a
door there and then I actually prayed
for a woman because I I was
knowledgeable about spiritual warfare at
the time and so I prayed for a woman who
had sleep issues and she had opened up
to me that she had sleep issues and I
even laid my hands like on her and it
was like all around this time where
these sleep issues started to happen in
my
life and um I would say say around 2014
I had gone to a
Ministry which was more aligned to my
with my beliefs and they were doing
deliverance and I had gone there and I
didn't receive any freedom like I I
didn't feel touched by Jesus and so I
was just like okay this must be natural
a natural problem something going on
with my body that's just natural so I'm
going to try to correct this in a
natural
way so like I said for many years I did
that and it just stopped working in
2021 and um and so yeah I I was just
when uh before I came to 5f I was just
so desperate and I had finally come to
that point
where I wanted to trust only in Jesus I
didn't want to trust in any of the
things I was doing naturally to help me
I I just I just wanted to trust Jesus to
heal me because I
Knew by faith that there was so many
there's so many testimonies in the word
of God and at that time I was also
reading material where uh from revivals
in the past you know where people were
being healed and so I believe that Jesus
must be doing this today and so I was
just so desperate for Jesus to heal me
and um by the grace of God I I was lying
in my bed one night and I just typed in
God Miracles into YouTube
oh and God Miracles God Miracles and the
thought just came into my mind and and I
came across one of your videos and I at
the time I watched it and I saw the
demons being casted out and I said well
she's doing the work of
God you know it was undeniable and but
since I had that religious spirit U I
wasn't really receptive to uh apost
and and and you know and and even women
preaching or bleeding in church but but
there was that that uh that weekend
before August or you know the day before
August 28th where I came across your
videos again and it was only two videos
I saw and and I saw that you had
Authority and I saw that the authority
was with you and it was in you and those
demons left those other people and I
knew right then and there that if I I
went to 5f the next day that these
demons were going to leave my body god
with 100%
shity 100% sure and praise God Jesus
changed my life that day and I never I
didn't get oneon-one prayer with you and
you know I was just in the front and I
just ended up renouncing the insomnia
the
anxiety and um and and I left that part
that day changed um and I got the best
sleep of my life in 9 years and and so I
knew that Jesus had had just touched me
and healed me and set me free and and it
really was uh a beautiful process
because as I continued to come um and I
drove six hours round trip to come to 5f
because you lived three hours away yeah
I lived three hours away you come every
Sunday and I came every
Sunday you know I just made it a
priority and I enjoyed it so much and it
was just a beautiful process and and as
I came the Lord Set Me Free from the
religious spirit from you know because I
had so many I had filled my my my head
up with so much knowledge and I thought
I knew the word of God so well and I
thought I had it all figured out and you
know I was I was keeping the Sabbath day
on Saturday and I was you know not doing
all these things which I thought were
paganism which you know I thought well
Christianity has elements of paganism in
it and so I just literally threw all
that stuff in the trash all those things
that I had learned all those things that
I thought that were going to give me
some type
of uh Salvation or or or just that shess
of being saved or in God's will like I
just threw it all in the trash and I
just humbled myself and and I just said
I'm learning from
this
woman where Jesus is flowing through her
and touching people and healed me and
Jesus is
here and um so uh I just humbled myself
and as I as I've I've learned so much uh
wow um like it's incredible how I've
been freed from the religious spirit and
freed from all the shame that comes with
the religious spirit of thinking that
you're not doing good enough or you're
not yeah you know you're not performing
well enough um and and I was just you
know filled with baptized with the Holy
Spirit more uh I spoke in tongues
previous to coming to 5f but then after
I came to 5f they like increased got
faster and and and and I received the
anointing and and uh eventually I
started praying for people and just
talking with people and and I would see
God touching them like they would get
teary eyed and that never happened
before ever where I would talk to people
and God would bring people to my life
and cross my path and and I would speak
you know just just simple words and and
they would be touched by the love of God
and so yes I I wow I just I'm
so I'm just blown away at how my life is
it's it's night and day uh it was you
know previous coming to 5 F like I
literally had like hardly any friends
any people because you know for you know
for there's a lot of reasons for that
but I
mean um but I mean it just my life was
just it was just so stagnant and it was
so uh I I was I was dying spiritually I
was dying spiritually and I was dying
physically and I knew it and I just knew
it and so when I came to 5f everything
started to come alive in my life again I
started to have joy I started to have
peace and just uh everything was just
getting so much better my relationships
with people I started to have you know
good relationship with people at 5f and
and God just filled my heart he really
just he just filled my heart so much and
and um you know other things I've been
set free too as like I said it's a
process I've been set free from the
spirit of
divorce one time when you were actually
ministering to someone else and I felt
Jesus just come and you know lift that
off of my
brain and grief there's a time when you
said people are being Jesus is healing
people of grief right
now and and I just felt uh because I had
lost my dad in 2020 from uh from Co
pneumonia and um and so yeah I just I I
felt that grief just leave me and
literally the holy spirit filled me even
more and and you know now I can talk
about my Dad's passing without even
being really sad and and then now having
the opportunity to serve at 5f and play
music that's something that just really
blows me away because I didn't play
electric guitar for a lot of years
because of the spirit of
religion what do you mean because of the
spirit of religion well the spirit of
religion like because uh there was a
time in when I was young like around 16
to about 21 where I was just playing in
heavy metal bands and I was playing
electric guitar so I just like was like
well I don't want to touch that thing
that I used to play Bad music on and um
so yeah so I mean praise God uh God
redeemed that God redeemed that now it's
for his glory for his glory and now
you're like David the anointing moving
through you and people being set free
and touched by God do he play hallelujah
amen it's I'm just so blown away my my
life is is a life of abundance now I
have an abundance of peace I have an
abundance of Joy I know God loves me um
and I have that revelation of God's love
for me uh so I just it's it's a deep
knowing that you know obviously I I'm
living by the Holy Spirit now I'm not
living by the letter of the law anymore
or the letter of just trying to keep
Commandments or keep whatever uh it's
it's not a list of rules of dos and
don'ts it's it's uh it's living by the
spirit I'm Blown Away about how God just
literally puts people you know cross to
cross my path and where I you know say
simple words to them or words of
encouragement and it's everything's easy
the yoke is easy the yoke is easy
hallelujah praise God wow Jesus
Hallelujah so many miracles in your life
in a short time yes thank you Jesus wow
this Revival this is a true Revival in
your life this I'm revived I'm revived I
you know I get great sleep I I can you
know uh you know sleep I don't know
seven hours and feel like I'm ready to
go I can you know have a full day and
and you feel energized feel energized
and free of anxiety free of anxiety yeah
oh wow yeah and the anxiety was so bad
for so many years I had such anxiety
about even like the ability to live life
because I was you
know uh you know in my mid-30s and I
still a little over my mid-30s now but
anyways but I you know I I just all this
anxiety about living life and and the
the ability to even have energy to
possibly even have a family one day or
and like as I said I couldn't even
barely work through a full-time work
week and um and so it it was just all
this anxi XY about the future and how
can I even live in the future but
now that's that that all those anxieties
are gone uh I I you know I'm living in
in LA county and I'm paying some high
rent and I it doesn't it doesn't even
phase me you know and now you've moved
to LA to be closer to so you don't have
to commute six hours every Sunday
exactly exactly I don't have to commute
and uh all the anties are gone I know
God's plan for me is perfect and U and
just walking in his will uh being in his
will and being at 5f and and just
surrendering everything I surrendered a
lot of things I even surrendered uh a
longdistance relationship with somebody
and and I just I surrendered it to God
and and and I ended up having to get out
of that relationship because try trying
to take me away from the
anointing and and question what Jesus
had done in my life and so I just
surrendered it and ended it and and I
just surrendered everything to be where
Jesus is and where the Revival is and
what he's doing and and wanting to to do
anything I can to just serve praise God
I'm so proud of you God is so proud of
you for this surrender for the things
you've given up the sacrifices you've
made you're a leader you're truly a
leader I see you a leader of many men oh
like
many men out there listening are seeing
your example and are being led to Jesus
and the right way not the religious way
but the true way the true Jesus way the
true doctrine of Jesus and his true
Revival because of your example praise
God hallelujah hallelujah amen and I
know that there's so many people that
struggle with the spirit of religion the
spirit of religion speaks this wrong
Doctrine
some of these wrong doctrines are that
there are no more apostles today we know
that's not true because in Ephesians 411
it says that God gave these gifts to the
body of Christ Apostles prophets
evangelists pastors and teachers for the
equipping of the believer so that we
would become mature no longer in infants
in Christ
immature but we would be built up able
to be strong powerful vessels of God and
the Bible says this will continue this
equipping of the fold Ministry this
equipping of not only pastors
evangelists and teachers but also
Apostles and Prophets this will continue
it says in Ephesians 4 until we come
into the wholeness the fullness of Jesus
one in Jesus and that cannot happen till
Jesus returns that's the meaning of that
scripture so we know that's the truth um
we know that Apostles and Prophets are
the foundation of the church with Christ
Jesus as the Chief
Cornerstone and so the ministry of the
Apostles is so vital in the body of
Christ today today but the religious
Doctrine says there are no more apostles
today and that's false the religious
Doctrine also speaks that women cannot
be pastors or leaders or teach or cannot
have authority and be in positions of
authority Like a Shepherd of a church a
pastor of a church a spiritual mother of
a church that's false and I won't go
into all the details I have a message on
my YouTube can woman preach or Pastor I
believe is the title so you can check
out all the reasons why the word of God
says that women can preach and teach and
he wants them to and lead and pastor and
be Apostles but the religious spirit the
religious Doctrine is more widespread
more prevalent today the which is the
also the old wine more prevalent today
than the new wine the true doctrine of
Jesus so you know there's a lot of
people in blindness you were in
blindness
as you were sharing how at first there
was this resistance because you didn't
believe they were apostles today you
didn't believe women could preach or
teach or pastor Pastor um but God opened
your eyes so I see God freeing a lot of
people today as you speak as you just
share your heart to them so if you could
share your heart to maybe your past self
um those many people out there men and
women who were in the same place as you
what what would you say to them I would
just say
is the joy in your life increasing is
the peace in your life
increasing do you
feel do you feel that God loves you that
he truly truly truly loves
you and that you're worthy to be loved
by
God
because yeah if you can't say yes to
those questions then then that's that's
that's a big that's a serious
issue so for a lot of years I I I didn't
think that I I knew I had made a mistake
I knew I had made a mistake by doing
things I shouldn't have done so I
thought that the Demonic bondage I had
was kind of like I I deserved it in a
way or like it was God's just way a
system kind of I I cross the line then I
got this demon Bond demonic bondage but
God showed me when I came to 5f that
Jesus loved me and he didn't want me to
have it even though I made a wrong
choice and that's that's that's God's
love for each and every
person and so if you don't feel worthy
to receive his love and
healing then that's the serious
problem that there's something missing
there's Revelation missing exactly
new wine that's missing exactly the the
power of God missing the power of God
moving through any kind of vessel that
God wants to use men or women right yes
men or the apostolic Ministry the
prophetic Ministry equipping releasing
his power is missing yes yes that you
shall know them by their fruits the
Bible says exactly so test the fruits
come and see if there's fruits in your
own life right right come and see come
and see and and there's such good fruits
in my life and and there's also so many
good fruits I seek from you and that I
saw from you as I first started coming
to
5f so I knew that this was a real move
of God this Jesus was really here
because I saw the fruits from others and
from you yourself
so um so yeah I knew it I knew that this
is where Jesus was praise God praise God
thank you Jesus hallelujah
hallelujah and flourish
conference was just this past April and
it was such a shocking powerful move of
God like the day of Pentecost do you
want to share any testimony you have of
what you experienced at flourish all of
it was just incredible and just just
amazing I just saw so many people that
were so hungry and expectant for Jesus
and and he he went beyond their their
their wild IM their wildest imaginations
really the impartation service really
was I'd never been in a room where I
felt so much of the love of Jesus I'll
never forget it and it changed me
forever and and I received more
anointing after that and it just filled
me with more peace and more joy in my
life and um and more Revelation that God
truly loves me and that Jesus loves me
so much and I I'm so precious to him and
it just filled me even more of of his
love for me and the revelation of and
and any kind of uh shame or condemnation
or anything from a religious spirit
trying to you know kind
of maybe that was still there or Remnant
or you know trying
to qu call me to question something or
you know that it's just gone it's it's
just gone prise God hallelujah praise
God I am so excited for what God's going
to do in the future flourish conferences
yes we have more flourish conferences
coming up soon you do not want to miss
it because God has spoken that what he
did at flourish conference in
La the way he moved in such power like
you described it never experiencing
God's love like that ever so many people
have said it was the best days weekend
of their entire life this is what he
wants to do again at each flourish
conference this is what he has planned
to do so you do not want to miss it get
there encounter God's power you can go
to flourish conference.org for more
details on our upcoming flourish
conferences around the world and make
sure you join us at fivefold church in
La if you're in the LA area or if you're
hours away like Steve make the drive
uh a church alive is worth a drive is
that right that's exactly
right and um if you can't join us in
person if you're in a different state or
Nation Beyond three hours because three
hours is no excuse right not excuse not
an excuse if you're if you can't join us
in person you can join us online and God
moves in power through the screen as
well so go to 5f church.org for all the
details of our service times and I want
to speak I see God right now touching
every person every person who is
watching right now I see you know the
Bible says the testimony of Jesus is the
spirit of Prophecy and so I see your
testimony prophesying Miracles
prophesying these Miracles that people
need right now for freedom and healing
all of you who are struggling to sleep
with having insomnia having demonic
dreams nightmares feeling lethargic
sluggish tired I declare every Spirit of
insomnia every Spirit attacking you in
your sleep must go in Jesus name and I
release this anointing that you would
have Abundant Life abundant strength
abundant energy in Jesus name that you'd
be able to do things that you couldn't
imagine you'd be able to do that you
would have strength and energy to have a
family to have a job to serve God to
do so much so much in abundance in
jesus' name and with peace and with joy
and I also declare
every Spirit of religion every yoke of
the old wine skin must leave your life
now may your eyes open up to what God is
doing to the true doctrine of Jesus the
true revelation of Jesus and the kingdom
of God in Jesus name
amen thank you so much for joining me on
the Revival is Now podcast God bless you
Revival is Now Podcast
Apostle Kathryn Krick
7/11
