---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: New Believer
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 9/23
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC61H2EyEoQ 
Title: Christians & Demonic Oppression - Revival is Now TV Show - Episode 7
Date: 2022-09-25
Keywords: demonic oppression, Christian vulnerability, legal rights, Ephesians 4:27, 1 Peter 5:8, renunciation prayer
---

[Music]
they're the ones
[Music]
hi I'm Apostle Catherine welcome to
another episode of Revival is now today
you will learn how a Christian can be
demonically oppressed and how to be
delivered from demonic oppression the
reality is so many Believers are bound
by demonic oppression and don't even
have any clue in this revival God is
opening up spiritual eyes there are
areas in the body of Christ where our
eyes have been just shut and meanwhile
the devil's eyes and the Demon's eyes
are spiritually open we are more
powerful than the devil but only if we
can actually see into the spiritual
realm otherwise we are carnal and
fighting in a spiritual war you can't
win that war the devil came to steal
kill and destroy John 10 10 but Jesus
says I have come that you would have
Abundant Life so the devil's still at
work today trying to steal kill and
destroy and he is successful when
believers do not know how to defeat his
schemes and how to receive the
inheritance of Abundant Life from Jesus
Christ the way that the Devil comes and
steals kills and destroys is by bringing
Yokes upon people's lives a yoke is
simply a work of the devil it says in
Isaiah 10 27 that the Yoke shall be
destroyed because of the anointing so
the anointing of Jesus is what destroys
these works of the devil so weapons are
formed against Believers all the time
and sometimes a Believer if their
spiritual eyes are not open they do not
know how to stop the weapon and they
allow it to come in and it becomes a
yoke an example of a yoke or demonic
Spirit a press question whatever you
want to call it the word doesn't matter
but basically what it is is it's a
spiritual demonic chain where you are
stuck where in your own strength you are
not able to break the chain so an
example of a yoke is anxiety depression
Suicidal Thoughts mental illness demonic
dreams a spirit of infirmity a demon
that can actually be behind a sickness
poverty division really anything where
you notice there is some sort of
spiritual chain where no matter how hard
you try no matter how hard you try to
crucify your flesh it will not break for
example addiction you can try and try
and try to stop smoking drinking but
that craving is still there many times
preachers have been preaching you just
need to crucify your flesh you just need
to stop doing what you're doing you need
to stop looking at porn for example and
then the person is trying so hard and
they're praying and they're fasting and
they have an accountability partner and
everything but nothing's changing that
addiction is still there that is a yoke
or demonic Spirit demonic oppression a
demon how can Christians have a demon
well when you give your life to Jesus
holy spirit makes your spirit come alive
the spirit is the real you and your
spirit becomes one with the Holy Spirit
and there nothing can touch the spirit
the spirit is pure it's why God calls
you the righteousness of God he's
looking at the real you which is your
spirit this is what goes to heaven and
lives eternally
but you also have a soul and a body your
soul is your mind your will and your
emotions so when you give your life to
Jesus
there is a lot of transformation that
needs to take place in the soul it
doesn't happen overnight for example you
can have lots of your own desires your
own will your own thoughts that aren't
gods and at first they might be stronger
than God's thoughts but as you seek God
you become transformed into His Image
where the parts of your flesh
your own desires your own Tendencies to
be jealous angry selfish those things
subside and the character of Christ
selflessness gentleness kindness love
peace patience Unity these things arise
far bigger until they completely wipe
out all of the fleshly ways that were
once there and so these things come as
you seek God as you put your eyes to
Jesus and surrender your life to him but
sometimes a Christian will be seeking
God doing all the things that the word
of God is saying like reading the Bible
daily praying to God daily
um closing doors to the devil not
sinning going to church regularly doing
all the like right Christian things
sometimes that a Christian may find that
there's still stuff in their soul that's
not changing nothing's happening and it
becomes many times a secret sin it
becomes many times something somebody's
ashamed of and they they feel so stuck
like they don't know what's wrong with
them why won't this go away why won't
this addiction why won't this rage go
away and the reason why is because it is
a demonic yoke
a demonic spirit and only the anointing
can destroy that yoke that's why
nothing's happening and so when you give
your life to Jesus it's a known thing
that the soul needs tons of work I mean
when somebody gets a life to Jesus
sometimes it needs a lot of work
sometimes somebody's like still super
angry still swearing a lot still really
wanting to drink but they have the Hope
in Christ and they they're a little more
peaceful for example it's a known thing
that sometimes there's a lot of work
that needs to be done on day one of
giving your life to Jesus well in the
same way we should also know that there
might be junk in the soul dirt in the
soul that's actually yolks there too not
just
the flesh is high and we need to push it
down and crucify the flesh but there are
actually Yokes that have come in through
open doors when you give your life to
Jesus it doesn't mean demons immediately
come out if that were the case every
single believer that gives a life to
Jesus they would have the same testimony
that every single stronghold chain
immediately left the day they gave their
lives to Jesus sometimes it happens
sometimes there's those stories of
addiction left completely depression
left completely but they're rare
honestly for the most part people have
yolks that they stay stuck with for so
long get rid of all moral filth and the
evil that is so prevalent and humbly
accept the word planted in you which can
save you
the word of God can save us the word of
God when we follow it it will deliver us
I think sometimes people have a hard
time believing that Christians can
actually have demons because maybe they
feel like well how God how could God
allow that but the truth is is that the
word of God is given to us to completely
Deliver us when we need Deliverance
number one and number two to help us
have every door kept shut so no demon
can ever enter
but we need to take the word of God
seriously number one and number two we
need to have true Revelation from the
Holy Spirit which also means we really
need the faithful Ministry to equip us
to give us true Revelation media
teaching not this lukewarm stuff you
find in the church most these days we
need real equipping like how to keep
doors shut to the devil that's not a
usual big teaching you hear around the
body of Christ by and large so you can
see why many Christians are in bondage
if we had completely in the whole body
of Christ today the fivefold ministry in
place if we had past Generations that
were serious about
serving God's surrendering and raising
their children up so they they start day
one from not opening up doors to the
devil being equipped knowing God's love
and power then we could come to a place
and say pretty much it's so rare to ever
find a Christian with demons and we're
going there
but Revival's Just Begun we've got a lot
of work to do and there's been a lot of
spiritual blindness for a very long time
that's the biggest reason why many
Christians have demons today so we need
to take the word of God seriously and we
need to actually have Revelation from
the word of God not just read through it
God is so good he's given us everything
we need in the word to be free and to
completely stay free we should never
blame God for having demonic Yokes he's
the one who saved us he's the one who's
come to destroy the works of the devil
and give us Abundant Life do not give
the devil a foothold here we go this is
a powerful word where it's showing us
God is speaking directly to us
don't give the devil a foothold
because then he'll be able to come in a
foothold means like if you open the door
a crack
you're allowing space for something to
someone to come in
easily that's giving a foothold and this
is written to a church of the Ephesians
it's written to a church so this is not
speaking to the world don't give up all
to the devil it's given to literal
Believers so these instructions are
showing us
if you choose to give a foothold to the
devil then he can come in then demons
can come in
here's a here's a way to really try to
understand how Christians can't have
demons is look at addiction okay
if you have a Christian
who if you take a Christian and a
non-believer and they both
drink the same amount of alcohol every
day is the Christian protected from
being addicted
no
this is common sense it doesn't matter
what your belief is if you have the Holy
Spirit or not if you're choosing to
drink and drink and drink take drugs
you're gonna get addicted
common sense right well addiction is
actually a demon
so when you can understand that so many
things so many so many problems that
people have that Christians have are
actually demons you can understand why
Christians can have demons if you don't
take drugs and alcohol you won't open a
door to a demon and you won't get a
demon in that area but if you do
you could get a demon it's simple like
that that's how it is in the spiritual
ROM if you open a door if you give a
foothold to the devil you could get a
demon it's just like when I'm in my
apartment I might get a priority to lock
my door but if I was lazy with it let's
say I left my door open even there's
a pretty good chance that someone could
come in someone could take something
it's up to me to take it seriously it's
totally up to me I can't blame God if
someone comes and steals something from
my house when I left the door wide open
the eye is the lamp of the body if your
eyes are healthy your whole body will be
will be full of light but if your eyes
are unhealthy your whole body will be
full of Darkness if then The Light
Within You is Darkness how great is that
Darkness once again this is written to
Believers so it's not saying like just
because you give your life to Jesus you
will be void of Darkness you have to
choose where you put your eyes you have
to choose where you put your focus if
you put your focus on things of light of
things that are good and pure worthy of
Praise admirable Godly things the things
of God then you will be filled with
light and you will keep doors shut to
the devil but if you decide to put your
eyes to Darkness meditate on Darkness
think and speak things of the enemy you
will literally be filling yourself with
Darkness opening up doors for demonic
spirits to come in in darkness to fill
you therefore get rid of all moral filth
and the evil that is so prevalent and
humbly accept the word planted in you
which can save you do not merely listen
to the word and so deceive yourselves do
what it says anyone who listens to the
word but does not do what it says is
like someone who looks at his face in a
mirror and after looking at himself goes
away and immediately forgets what he
looks like but whoever looks intently
into the perfect law that gives freedom
and continues in it not forgetting what
they have heard but doing it they will
be blessed in what they do if we take
the word of God seriously we will be
blessed we will be protected we will we
will be set free and walk in Abundant
Life here are some examples of the word
of God that's bringing Freedom that's
protecting you as you follow it all of
these that I'm about to share see many
people just read right by them not
knowing that this is the perfect law
that gives Freedom that can save us that
will make us be blessed in all we do so
now it's time to take this word of God
as the pathway to freedom and Abundant
Life like it really is so number one is
take every thought captive to Christ so
this is literally an instruction from
God of how to keep doors shut to the
devil one of the big ways is where the
devil's trying to come in your mind he's
trying to get you to accept his lies to
think that they're truth and speak them
and there's so much power when you speak
that this is an open door to the demon
meditating so much on on the devil's
lies is an open door to the devil where
demons can come in and number two is
speaking what you've been meditating on
from the enemy so take every thought
captive to Christ this is literally
instruction of how to lock that door
when the devil's trying to knock in that
area in your mind life and death is in
the power of your tongue and so wow if
we could take that word of God so
seriously we would be bolting that lock
on the door to the devil so strong as we
are so careful over our every word and
we are sure to never speak death this is
instruction from God of how to keep that
door shut to the devil of words of
speaking words of death don't give a
foothold to the devil is another one
that that should
we should have this kind of Revelation
when we read the scripture of
I better lock my door I gotta remember
to do that just as
in Physical Realm we get into a habit of
it we take it seriously we value our car
our apartment so when we make sure we
get in a habit of locking that car we
get in the habit of locking the door
when we leave when we come in the house
we take it seriously because we value it
well we should value our spiritual
health and protection even more so we
should be even more intentional daily
throughout your everyday to keep that
door shut we need to be serious in the
spiritual realm living every day my
mission is to serve God please him be in
his will and never open up a door to the
devil that should be our biggest mission
of every single day of Our Lives but yet
many sin just because they feel like it
and not even thinking about the
repercussions my eyes just opened up in
the spiritual realm about seven years
ago to all this truth you know I didn't
know that we could be I never knew that
if I would sin it was actually open in a
door where a demon could come in I had
no clue about that and I was thinking
that sins had no repercussions other
than it's not pleasing to God that's all
I thought it was and so when you see the
word of God without that Revelation you
you kind of just are like why what's
what's the beauty of the word why do we
have to follow it it can even feel like
God just has these pointless rules that
he wants us to follow that's how a lot
of people think and missing the
revelation of how precious the word of
God is keeps us from having revelation
of God's love and keeps us from keeping
the door shut to the devil when I was in
high school and college I opened up
plenty of doors I look back and I just
know
just know that if I had known this if I
had known how precious his word it was
that his word was literally a blueprint
a road map to keeping every door shut to
the enemy to have Abundant Life I would
have clung the Bible so Ty I would have
taken the word of God seriously and I
would have had no interest for the
things of the world if I knew it was
like so spiritually dangerous it's not
worth it you know and and I would have
fallen in love with God more many people
are not falling in love with God because
they don't they're missing Revelation
like how good it is of god to give us
his word to give us a road map to keep
us safe and have Abundant Life God
didn't just give us random rules to
follow but it's for our good and lastly
this passage we read earlier if your
eyes are unhealthy your whole body will
be full of darkness and then The Light
Within You is Darkness how great is that
Darkness so we need to be careful what
we're watching we need to every movie
everything we're listening to as well
every movie we watch everything we're
focusing on despair doubt mean words
that somebody spoke what we're scrolling
on what we're scrolling and watching on
our social media who are following we
should be so careful about this we
should be so wise to make sure that
we're not putting our eyes to Darkness
we're not watching scary movies we are
not watching things that bring fear that
pollute us but only put our eyes to the
light the things of God so now when you
read the word of God read it with new
eyes read it with Revelation this is my
blueprint from Heaven to Abundant Life
Freedom protection this is so precious
if I read it and actually live it out as
it says do not be someone who just
listens to the word but actually do what
it says this these are just some
examples of ways that the word of God
protects you and leads you to freedom
and Abundant Life but there are so many
more so when you read the word of God
now God will open up your eyes read it
slowly read it with intention read it
looking for instructions and directions
of how to lead you to Abundant Life now
if you have opened up doors to the enemy
if you know there is yokes demonic
oppression in your life Jesus has come
to deliver you this is part of your
inheritance as a child of God by his
stripes you are healed this includes
Freedom complete healing complete
freedom and so even if you have opened
up doors in the past even if it was
earlier today Jesus has forgiven you as
soon as you come to him and say Lord I
Surrender I Repent which means I turn
from my past ways of sin I want to
follow you and serve you and be in your
will as soon as you do that Jesus has
taken away all of the past completely
wiped it away all the sins and he
desires to free you immediately it's not
like you have to wait a minute be
punished and then he frees you no this
gift of freedom and healing is we it can
be earned but it's a free gift that
Jesus gives us by coming to him by
surrendering Our Lives to him so the
first step of receiving deliverance from
these areas where doors have been opened
is to surrender to Jesus is to really
surrender from the heart is to make the
decision I don't want this anymore you
know sometimes people are stuck in
bondage let's say addiction but there's
a part of it that they enjoy maybe they
enjoy the taste of the beer maybe they
enjoy the social aspect of their
Drinking Buddies you have to choose to
give that up you have to make that
choice before Jesus can free you Jesus
knows you can't do it on your own you
don't have to worry about getting rid of
the addiction and getting rid of the
yolk on your own but you need to make
the decision and tell God I'm ready I
want to leave this behind I don't want
this anymore I want to give this my sin
my Yokes I want to give them to you take
them and I won't turn back to them
anymore when you've freed me the second
step is to renounce and to renounce
means to abandon something you once
claimed as your own I shared in the
previous episode about renouncing and
specifically how to be free from word
curses renouncing was one of the steps
to be free of word curses but also word
curses are not the only area where
demonic oppression has come in but yet
renouncing is a key to be free from
every yoke so renouncing is abandoning
something you once claimed as your own
many of you have claimed the certain
bondage as your own whether it was you
claiming a sickness or the oppression
like I have anxiety I have a depression
I am suicidal I'm not pretty I'm not
good enough stuff like that so many of
you have claimed demonic oppression as
your own like saying I have anxiety
you're claiming the devil's portion
rather than saying I reject and resist
every spirit of fear I have a sound mind
I have perfect peace so all of these
areas where there's bondage usually
you've actually spoken you've claimed as
your own it's just become your portion
you need to now reverse that you need to
say I don't want this anymore I don't
claim this anymore I don't want the
devil's portion anymore I want God's
will God's portion that's what I want
and so renouncing is using your
Authority using the power of your words
to say I don't want you anymore I want
God's Will and when you renounce it's
also important to identify the open
doors the areas where that demonic
oppression came in it's like going into
the courtroom and doing things the legal
right way in the spiritual realm you go
to court prepared and you go to court
sharing on this day this person broke
into my apartment and stole this this
and this you say it specifically you're
not just like um this person did a crime
in the past like you need to be specific
and when there's evidence shown and it
can be proven there's Justice and you
win the case there are laws in the
spiritual realm so when you're coming to
Jesus to be free it's like you're going
into the courtroom of heaven but there's
laws in the spiritual realm and so
you're doing things the right way the
legal way in the spiritual realm you
need to use your Authority like you need
to show up just like you need to be a
person showing up to court you need to
testify you know you need to show up not
be like lazy and just let it try to come
to you you need to show up and use your
Authority so you're speaking now I
renounce anxiety I renounce addiction I
renounce taking those pills so you're
speaking the oppression that you don't
want that's what you're saying right now
it's I don't want this and also it's
already done but I'm like taking back
taking the drugs it's like you're saying
I renounce that I I don't want to be a
person who's taking drugs anymore
that's how it happened and I I don't
want to do it you made the conscious
decision to take drugs and it led to the
addiction so now you're basically saying
I don't want to take drugs in the future
I don't want addiction so as you
renounce where the power of God is
moving like here as you're watching this
program Jesus will set you free it's
time to be free right now you can begin
now to renounce to renounce all of the
areas where there are Yokes in your life
where there's demonic oppression all the
areas in your life where you know it's
not of God where you've been stuck These
Chains renounce them now and renounce
all of the open doors all of the areas
you I you can see this is where this
demonic Spirit might have come in speak
them aloud now
I detach you from everything you have
renounced and I Break Every curse and
every generational curse off you and
every word curse and every demonic Soul
tie I break it and I command on three
every Spirit attached to what you have
renounced must leave in Jesus name
one two three
out now in Jesus name
I declare complete freedom to you and I
speak healing over your body all
sickness gone I release this anointing
upon you that you would be filled with
the holy spirit filled with the fire of
his spirit filled with peace and joy and
Abundant Life and may you be filled with
wisdom as you read the word of God may
it come alive in new ways may you see
and hear God speaking to you saying go
this way close the door here May the
word come alive
in Jesus name here's an example of how
renouncing is a key that unlocks Freedom
parallel Hospital
ignored the side effects of it and it
just opened the door to a bunch it's how
on Earth it was hell on Earth all right
now it's the spirit that came in the
night
that pulled hair out of my head
[Music]
I renounce
Freemasonry in my generation line
autoimmune disease everything I came
through
Every curse
from all he's renounced
every last one of you must go on three
in Jesus name one two three
[Music]
oh yeah
[Music]
I'm a Christian and you'll see me
flailing around on the ground and there
are stuff there are demons leaving my
body there are demons leaving it's as
simple as that on the way here I was
repenting and I could feel things I
could feel it in my throat I was burping
or I was like it was just trying to come
out of my my mouth and I got powerfully
the first night by just repenting not
just in the heart but with my lips spoke
it and all of a sudden boom I was just
so willing to let it be on the surface
whatever it looks like giving it almost
permission so Jesus can drive it out so
it can be seen so it can't hide there
were new things that were revealed to me
the second night and tonight there were
new things that I could not see the
first night after Deliverance the first
night the second night new thoughts
third night new thoughts new layers of
the Holy Spirit revealing things and to
me to repent of again I'm a Christian
but there have been doors that I've I've
reopened and I came here and and God let
let your faith be built on power let it
be built on power not fancy words I'm
just so over that that's why I came here
oh like I feel this energy from from God
like it's it only comes from him it's
it's like this passion in me and I can't
be a Christian without without him being
that tangently real I feel lighter
clearer in the head let that speak for
itself thank you for watching I can't
wait for what God will do in the next
episode
Revival is now
your kingdom
s
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
9/23
