and I just felt like the world was
ending for me i just felt like that and
I even sold my soul to the devil because
the devil was manipulating me in my mind
so much and my mental health was just so
low i just kind of went along with it i
also experienced something kind of heavy
called a psychotic break during that
time which was just there was so much
trauma there was so much darkness
including schizophrenia faith was the
only thing I had actually my health was
gone multiple doctor from different
medical fields had no answers for me
what was going on i felt like the world
was falling apart i was like severely
demonized really depressed i didn't know
it at the time i didn't know I had
demons i didn't know Christians could
have demons until they came out of me
welcome to the Revival is Now podcast
i'm Apostle Katherine Crick and I'm so
excited and expectant for what God's
going to do in your life today as you
watch or listen today I have with me as
a guest Austin welcome thank you so
excited to be here oh it's a blessing to
have you here and you serve at Fivefold
Church so powerfully you right now one
of the things powerful things you're
doing is making sure that people can see
the word of God and the lyrics and the
videos of what God's doing thank you so
much for all you do to serve God and
editing
hallelujah it's such an honor to be
serving under you and the anointing just
moves so powerfully in my life behind
the scenes and it's just it's such an
honor to be here glory to God so how
long have you been coming to FFold
Church now
i've been coming in person since January
9th 2022 so about two years and some
months but when I first came to Fifold
Church I did come as a skeptic and so I
wasn't fully on on board with women
being in leadership and what's what is
the anointing i've never heard of the
anointing before and so I did come as a
skeptic but I felt the presence of the
Holy Spirit so I was like "Well that
like one of them's true and one's not so
what is it?" And I just sought the Lord
in the word and I came back the next
week and I was like "Well I feel like
this is more real than not real so I'm
just going to go all in." And I came and
I swed whatever money I had in my pocket
and I felt just the presence of the Lord
even more strongly i even received the
baptism of the Holy Spirit when I came
as a skeptic so it was like okay God you
can do anything right wow um mustard
seed of faith yeah just whatever a faith
I had and I really did
have faith was the only thing I had
actually my health was gone um I felt
like the world was falling apart i was
like severely demonized really depressed
i didn't know it at the time i didn't
know I had demons i didn't know
Christians could have demons until they
came out of me you know so how long had
you been a Christian at that point um my
whole life wow yeah just like Samuel was
dedicated to the Lord from his mom
Hannah and like he's from Nazareth my
parents dedicated me to the church in
Nazarene church when I was super young
so it was really cool to see that like
the Lord kind of brought that around and
I was always with him i mean I wasn't
fully surrendered obviously and I was
still lukewarm in some ways but I was
always with him so what were the ways
that you were oppressed when you came to
FFold Church and also well first of all
how long were you oppressed do you think
a lot of your life many years i think
there was some health stuff that was
going on for several years and it just
came to a head around the time that I
just graduated college um and I just
felt like the world was ending for me it
just felt like that and multiple doctors
from different medical fields had no
answers for me what was going on i mean
gastroontologist hematologist
dermatologist all theologists right so
you're having a lot of sicknesses
internally on your skin mhm yeah i had
this unexplainable rash no medical
professional could see it i even went to
UCLA uh medical infectious disease
specialist and they did a full biopsy
and they said "We have no idea what's
wrong with you." and this this facility
is considered one of the best in the
Western Hemisphere not just the US but
also you know the UK and Europe and they
had no answer so I was like "Okay well
what is it?" And that was around the
time that I got more serious about
planting myself a five-fold church and
just trusting God all the way like if if
man failed me God can't fail me right so
I just came and just had whatever faith
I had and over time he began to deliver
me from those skin rashes and um I also
experienced something kind of heavy
called a psychotic break during that
time which was just there was so much
trauma there was so much darkness and um
some witchcraft done on me that I don't
really know how that happened but God
was so faithful to just like remove all
of that from me and piece me back
together from that psychotic break um
just in layers over time including
schizophrenia so that all happened
during that 9-month period where I just
came seeking God with everything serving
started editing and it took about 9
months for God to free me from this
scheme of false manifestation where I
would just come and I mean I thought I
had like a million demons cuz I just
kept screaming every Sunday like what's
going on why is why am I the only one
doing this and I didn't have any answers
but I just had patience with the Lord i
just had faith like if he wants to take
longer okay through all of that God's
just shown that he's faithful and like
nothing's impossible for him i know that
there was a time where God really opened
your eyes with the scheme of the devil
and so you were experiencing like what
you believed was demons screaming out of
you manifesting out of you
and then what
happened like what made that to stop yes
there was a really powerful teaching
called No Longer Slaves that was right
on the nine month mark um and you gave
that message
and it was coming into the point where
in my mind I was like I don't know how
much longer I can keep coming to church
and keep screaming like I just don't
understand what's going on like my
brain's getting it's just so confusing
and that message really set me free
enough enough
austin austin
austin austin you are free this word is
for you the devil's been trying to
convince you that you're not free
very sneaky with his lies you are free
the devil's a liar and you are
completely free i declare in Jesus name
thank you Jesus
hallelujah hallelujah
hallelujah praise God praise God
hallelujah
hallelujah
hallelujah
hallelujah
hallelujah hallelujah
like as soon as you had declared like
Austin you're really free and I just
kind of received it in my heart even
though I was just really skeptical even
though because it had been so long that
I kept false manifesting I was like well
well this may just happen forever i just
received that word and I've been
re-watching that teaching specifically
every week once a week for about ever
since that day so maybe a year and a
half and every time I rewatch it I'm not
kidding God removes more lies in my mind
in my brain of different things and for
those who don't know what he's talking
about make sure you search No Longer
Slaves my name on on my YouTube is also
on the Revival Army training playlist
which is a mustwatch if you're serious
about being a true disciple of Jesus and
his end time revival army but in this
message I reveal a strategy of the devil
that once you're delivered from demons
demons are no longer inside of you but
but the we are all in spiritual warfare
where the devil speaks lies he speaks
lies in all of our minds from time to
time for some he's really hunting them
more than others many times because of
more uh uh I mean uh their past being
so sewing so much into the demonic realm
and just so much bondage the devil's
like hunting them and so the more that
you step away from Egypt and keep
surrendering the more Egypt's farther
away and the more the devil can't like
hunt you and by that I mean sending so
many thoughts and lies but we all as
believers from time to time whether it's
every day or once once in a while deal
with lies of the devil from time to time
and so once you're freed from demons who
are lying to you constantly they're no
longer inside of you but you're not free
from spiritual warfare we all we're
we're soldiers of Christ we are in a
spiritual war a war not of flesh and
blood but in the spiritual realm all of
us so we we we have to be aware that the
devil still wants to lie to us not
inwardly anymore when we're free but
outwardly and now we have the power to
reject the lies and he has to flee and
that hunting that I'm talking about
where he is just sending all these lies
it must diminish and it must go away
completely submit to God resist the
devil and he must flee and so this
there's a big scheme of the devil for
some people that once they're free he's
mad that they're free he wants to lie to
them and say "You're not really free
actually you have more demons." And
instead of focusing
on Jesus and abundant life and going to
glory to glory he wants you to be like
that that animal that is no longer
chained up tied up but they're so used
to being tied up that they don't leave
that place of where they were tied up
that's the devil's scheme that was the
devil's scheme on your life
and he was speaking those lies so
strongly and you were the truth is you
were free you didn't have any more
demons but it's like you were stuck you
couldn't go glory to glory you couldn't
even see the freedom that you had
received because you were still
believing i'm not actually free exactly
so that was the summary of the message
make sure you watch it on YouTube the
full message and I know many people will
be delivered today amen from just as you
have been amen um but you shall know the
truth and the truth shall set you free
that scripture came alive yes and people
perish because of lack of knowledge you
were perishing in terms of like not
being able to know your freedom enjoy
your freedom and go glory to glory but
now you're free because the truth set
you free hallelujah that's why the word
of God's important we can we can't only
cast out demons right sometimes it's the
word is what you need um and so so yeah
I remember that day and I was just
rejoicing because I could see you
received that truth i could see that
your spiritual eyes opened up i could
see the devil was defeated and we
rejoice we all are jumping up and down
i'll never forget rejoicing for your
life cuz we love you
hallelujah hallelujah and and there I
mean I definitely saw change from that
day i definitely could see your freedom
was manifested hallelujah amen so do you
want to share now um all the things you
were delivered from absolutely like now
that you knew you were free because you
were free before but didn't believe it
so you couldn't like see it yeah i
couldn't even experience my own freedom
because I every week I would false
manifest so I was like well I don't know
how to cope with this but yeah so I
definitely received um I never struggled
with schizophrenia at least noticeably
until I came to FFold Church and it was
cast out um so but leading up it got to
just this really uncomfortable space i
was hearing voices in my head saying I'm
going to kill you i would hear voices in
my head telling me that I am like the
antichrist just some really strange
stuff
and yeah so that I came to the park one
day and I just renounced that i
renounced you know different flame
family members interacting with
different cults and you know
generational curses and I did renounce
schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and I
started coughing after you know the
board was released over me and I
definitely knew that something was
different after that day i was also
delivered in that same day of I had a
dream where I saw this sort of rotting
torso of like a rib cage and I had the
impression that it was witchcraft on me
to this day I still don't know how that
happened but I just renounced the dream
i renounced what I spoke and you
declared like I detach him from that and
every spirit of witchcraft has to go and
I my voice sounded like a I don't know
like a chicken screaming and it just
like it came out and I'm not able to
make that sound with my vocal cords like
it's not even humanly possible so that
was even more proof that like God really
did something that day for me and after
that point it was um my my health
started improving it was like that curse
was just lifted it was removed my health
was just getting worse and worse and
worse and then that was cast out and I
was able to actually heal before I could
not heal it was just like staying the
same so that was a huge thing um I also
want to touch on the angel of light a
little bit more cuz I know that's maybe
some people just aren't aware of what
this is but I would seek God in my
prayer closet and just seek him
one-on-one um try to just have intimacy
with him in my mind and just like I
would always do before even 5F I would
just kind of like walk in the prophetic
a little bit and looking back it was old
wine but I still talk to God that's how
I communicated with him and so I would
seek him the same ways after I came to
F-fold church and all of a sudden God
kind of removed himself from speaking to
me in that way and the devil had come in
pretending to be the Holy Spirit in my
own thoughts saying let me in deeper Um
it became more manipulative it was no
longer a relationship with God it was
just this twisted relationship but so
yeah the devil just pretended to be the
Holy Spirit and I was just naive and I
didn't know what I thought I was talking
to Jesus you know and so when I
renounced that I came to the park i
renounced it and you declared the word
the angel of light to go and every
covenant that the angel of light tricked
me into doing including I even I even
sold my soul to the devil because the
devil was manipulating me in my mind so
much and my mental health was just so
low i just kind of went along with it
and so I renounced that and my soul was
given back to God the covenant was
broken the angel of light was cast out
mucus came out of my my nose and that
was kind of like the demon leaving I
think
um so those are some of the bigger
things that God has really set me free
from and no
other there's no there's nothing else I
can cast out demons but Jesus like he's
the he's the deliverer so I just praise
God that this is where he's had me to
receive praise God and can you explain
like what the difference is in your mind
your mental health from before
deliverance and now after deliverance
yes before deliverance I even had
thought that I don't even want to think
anymore because it was so chaotic
upstairs like I a train of thought would
not be logical it would be like I'm
imagining things my memories trying to
give me you know logical conclusions
about what's happening trying to problem
solve based on my past it none of it was
logical it was just so chaotic and um I
also had the mercury poisoning so that
affects like your thinking your memory
you don't have a lot of memory anymore
cuz it's a metal and it kind of messes
with that their nerves so since before
deliverance I would say that my mind on
a scale of like 1 to 10 of soundness was
probably like a one like just not sound
at all now I'd say it's probably like a
nine nine nine out of 10
praise God
oh yeah that fills me with joy because I
know even more than just that testimony
just hearing your journey you know even
cuz I know for you it's a process it
wasn't immediate because that's how many
times it is in the mind I mean the the
deliverance in the mind many times it's
a process because of what I was sharing
about how we are in a spiritual war so
if if the bondage has been in the mind
so deep once one is free the devil many
times can be very sneaky because he's
yeah we all deal with lies so That's
that's why it many times it takes the
renewing of the mind we all have victory
when we renew our mind and so other
things like addiction it doesn't have so
much to do with renewing of the mind
it's like you don't have a taste for
cigarettes anymore or alcohol or sex or
porn whatever um but like the
deliverance of the mind
the the thoughts can go from the from
from within right but the enemy wants to
come back outwardly so you have to be
equipped and disciplined to apply the
principles of God in your life always
the big one being submit to God submit
to God's truth his word his ways
all that that means it means a lot
living surrender to God following all of
his principles um resist the devil
resist those lies speak out loud declare
"I reject that lie of the devil." And
whatever the lie is speak I reject that
lie of jealousy i reject that lie of
pride i reject that lie that I have
demons still amen um so the Bible says
"Submit to God resist the devil reject
him and he must flee." He has to so so
you have to be a serious
disciple and soldier of Christ warrior
of God and do what God is calling you to
do reject the devil and renew your mind
constantly renew your mind i love to
hear that's powerful that you are
reading i mean you're watching No Longer
Slaves message every week because that's
renewing your mind with the word of God
the present tense word of God and the
written word of God because that's in
the message too right but that's so
powerful because the devil wants us to
forget and if we don't take intention
we'll forget so anyways that's why
deliver full full deliverance i mean
full receiving the the true sound mind
usually doesn't happen overnight when
we're talking about like deliverance so
um I know the journey you've been on i
know you've asked me questions like I'm
still having these sorts of lies like
and I've and I've shared with you a lot
i I didn't I I never was like I mean
once you would ask these questions I was
never like I need to cast more demons
out of you or I declare those lies to
leave you no there was nothing more to
declare there was no more demons to cast
out it was direction prophetic direction
Austin apply these principles of God and
sometimes things aren't in I mean things
don't happen as fast as we want because
God has a purpose in it and I remember
sharing with you that uh stories in the
word of um of you know Elish Elisha
saying to his servant I see there
there's going to be rain coming look for
the cloud and he goes and looks for the
cloud expectant because the prophet said
there's a cloud coming and there's been
a huge drought for a long time and um he
saw nothing he reported back there's
there's no cloud he said go back look
again i know I see it there he went back
and several times seven times seven
times until he saw just a tiny cloud
size of the palm of the hand and so and
there's many examples like that in the
word of God like um many examples of
that but that's just one where God
doesn't do things immediately and
sometimes it doesn't make sense like why
you're saying the healing is here the
freedom is here but I don't see it yet
many times God causes there to be what
seems like a delay for the purpose of
testing our faith and testing our
obedience to him testing our humility
like God spoke it god spoke it through
the prophet god spoke it through your
spiritual leader will you believe this
is really God that spoke it and you will
see it fully manifest yeah uh and I'm
I'm so glad and I honor you for giving
those directions because I mean I was
dealing with stuff that I've never even
heard of and you just had the spiritual
sight to know like this is what my
spiritual son needs and he just has to
receive it cuz God still is working on
him but I'm not going to give him all
the answers but I need I still have to
give him something right and I just
honor you for that because without that
direction I don't think my mind would be
as sound as it is now so praise God out
of nine hallelujah and we're going to 10
i'm going to 10 after testifying today
we overcome by the blood of the lamb the
worship of the testimony and so we're
going to 10 praise God by his name oh
wow from 1 to nine
jesus thank you Jesus it's Yeah
hallelujah glory to God and do you want
to share any more like before i know you
shared that you found healing but do you
want to in your body and everything do
you want to share specifically like what
that healing was like sure specifically
yeah um I had this skin rash that was
just all over my intestine on the
outside my stomach my lower back um and
I had samples taken you know by medical
professionals again they just they just
kind of thought it was eczema or
something
but so that that rash is completely gone
whenever I would fast food my body would
try to like take care of whatever that
was on the inside and I would experience
the rashes and I think I think it was
mold toxicity where there was mold in my
body and just I think that had to do
with the witchcraft done on me i don't
know how but um yeah that's completely
gone like I have tested fasting
physically just and there's no rash
whatsoever so praise God this is this is
like massive hallelujah how long were
you having those rashes i remember
seeing pictures you showed that
yeah um I had the rashes even before 5F
like two years before 5F it wasn't that
bad but it was definitely there and I
don't know I still don't to this day
don't know what the cause is but yeah
several like three or four years I had
them
and yeah so God's really healed that out
and were there other physical
healings experienced yeah there was um
there was just one you know just simple
one i I uh was working as an assistant
soccer coach uh at a school I work at
and um I was invited to kind of step
into that position and the first day I
go out there I roll my ankle i'm like oh
you have to be kidding me like this is
my first time out here i was going to
practice with them how can this happen
and the devil is just lying like see
you're not supposed to be out here this
is why you got hurt cuz you're out of
God's will and so I just rejected like
no that's the desire of my heart like I
want to be here and I just watched a
subscriber live or some kind of live
that night and I was like I receive I'm
going to receive healing in my left
ankle in Jesus name and I just received
by faith i didn't feel anything the next
day I wake up I immediately start
thinking about wanting to go coach
soccer with these girls and I would get
up out of my bed and take like a few
steps and I hear like a like in my ankle
and I was like "No way let me test
this." And I like rolled it around you
know and there's like no pain i was like
"You're praise God you're so good." You
know he even cares about that that
little detail and he answered like
within 24 hours of just seeking him for
a miracle and he gave it to me praise
God so hallelujah
jesus hallelujah
hallelujah i've received also like huge
financial miracles um recently at the
Flourish conference I had no money to be
able to buy like food to eat out to run
gas things like that and the day of
flourish um my bank my credit increased
automatically by $1,000 without me
applying this is like completely unheard
of i asked my other brothers in Christ
like "What how do you increase credit?"
Like "Oh you have to apply for it
there's a whole process." And it just
happened on its own like and so I had
provision for Flourish and three
different people at the Flourish
Conference and the Sunday service were
like came up to me and said "I want to
give you money." I didn't make this
known you know like God just saw me he
saw my need and I believe that's like a
direct like gift from serving thee at
the anointing and serving at the
flourish conference and like God sees my
needs and he sees everything he sees the
small things and the big things and amen
speaking of flourish
wow what God did at Flourish Conference
uh still processing it
such a powerful move of God like none of
us had ever experienced before do you
want to share your experience what you
experienced at yeah absolutely um so I
was serving kind of doing the
coordinating between like the lights and
the audio and the prop presenter and
when it was time for impartation I mean
the whole time I just felt the heaviness
of the presence of the god and the fire
of God and his people were just his
faith was just resting on us and it was
so powerful and during the time of
during the time of impartation and it
was all the 5F came up all the servers
to receive and when I received um I
wasn't sure it was going to happen you
know I knew I definitely wasn't going to
false manifest But I was just like "Oh
I'm going to receive whatever God has
for me." And and I just fell back in the
power of God after kind of standing
there for a few seconds and it kind of
hit me like in a wave like and then I
went and um after that I I went home and
I made this really powerful edit of like
the conference afterwards and I was like
I have never been able to do that before
like not not at that level something so
it was so powerful yeah and I was like
that's a new level like I have never
edited all of these scenes together to
create a narrative about the whole
conference like that was like a new
level for me and you had said like um I
think you even said verbatim like God's
going to bless everything that you touch
or like the work of your hands or
something along those lines and he did
like within you know a couple days and
that that testimony or that video
blessed so many people yes including me
yeah hallelujah praise God
oh hallelujah hallelujah thank you Jesus
amen well thank you so much for sharing
i know so many people are going to be
set free even right now right now it is
time for freedom in your life i know
there are many people listening and
watching i see prophetically that are
have been struggling with mental torment
schizophrenia
uh
and so much confusion and problems in
their mind and it's time for freedom
right now thank you Jesus i declare
every spirit bringing mental torment
confusion schizophrenia bipolar
autism whatever this diagnosis is
whatever this issue in the mind is I
declare this spirit must leave you now
these lies must cease now in Jesus' name
i break every curse every generational
curse off you now in Jesus' name and I
declare you have a sound mind from
now i speak the peace of Jesus to fill
you and I speak peace to fill this mind
of yours now from this day thank you
Jesus thank you Jesus
hallelujah
amen thank you Father thank you Lord for
all the freedom that you have brought
today to your
people thank you Jesus wow
well I am so excited for what God's
doing right now in this revival it is
the end time revival and it's it's like
the day of
Pentecost
continuously that's how we describe what
God did at the flourish conference and
then that following Sunday at 5 Church
was an even greater move of God and the
the the the miracles the testimonies the
healings of cancer it just keeps
increasing what God's doing it's really
revival it's really the wave of revival
and so don't miss it if you were in the
LA area come and encounter the power of
God at Five-fold Church come be set free
come encounter his love and power and
abundant life if you're not able to come
in person if you live far away from LA
you can join us online and encounter
Jesus and power there as well so go to
5fchurch.org for all of the details
about our service times and everything
and also God is about to move in such
power like he did at the Flourish
Conference in LA so do not miss out on
this move of God
hallelujah thank you for joining me on
the Revival is Now podcast god bless you
Revival is Now Podcast
Apostle Kathryn Krick
6/11
