---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: New Believer
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 10/23
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46dO2lYm1IQ
Title: Open Doors to the Enemy - Revival is Now TV Show - Episode 8
Date: 2022-10-04
Keywords: open doors, unforgiveness curses, repentance closure, 2 Corinthians 2:11, Matthew 6:14-15, self-examination
---

Introduction
[Music]
your kingdom is
[Music]
here
[Music]
Let Your Glory
hi I'm Apostle Catherine welcome to
another episode of Revival is now today
you will learn what open doors to the
enemy are as it says do not give a
foothold to the devil you will learn
what really that means what the open
doors are that you might be opening and
not have any clue that it's the action
of giving a foothold to the devil and
can be how demons can come in so this
message today will open up your
spiritual eyes and help you to keep
every door shut to the devil so you can
stay free so opening up a door to the
devil happens simply when you go against
God's word or when a past generation in
your family might have gone against the
word of God the word of God is extensive
and it's so important that we know the
word of God so that we're not
accidentally unknowingly opening up
doors to the devil the first door that
can open up a door to Demons is sin the
acts of the the flesh Galatians 5 9 that
Sin
the acts of the flesh are obvious sexual
immorality so that would mean having
premarital sexual relations porn sex
with other people outside of your
marriage and also masturbation
masturbation is an open door to the
devil because you're created to have
sexual pleasure within marriage within
marriage only for your spouse to be the
one pleasuring you it's not God's will
for us to try to pleasure ourselves
sexually otherwise Apostle Paul would
have said it's better to be single you
can just masturbate he does not say that
he says if you are having strong sexual
desires get married and that's how
you'll be sexually pleasured not by
yourself so this can actually open up a
door to well addiction to masturbating
number one number two it can open up a
door of a spiritual spouse an impure
sexual demon perverted demon coming in
could attack you in the night could
attack you in the dreams could sleep
with you in the night in the dreams
impurity so that could mean a lot of
things but for one it could mean just
meditating on things that are not pure
and following those impure thoughts and
desires lusts can fall underneath that
and meditating on harm for people for
someone to fail getting excited when
someone does fail that can fall under
impurity and debauchery debauchery means
excessive Indulgence in sensual
Pleasures so the pleasures of the flesh
seeking for your flesh to be gratified
idolatry and Witchcraft so idolatry
means elevating someone higher than they
should be elevated so idolatry means
idolizing putting someone or thing on a
pedestal and Only God deserves to be on
a pedestal only God deserves to be
glorified and deserves to be worshiped
hatred we are never called to hate
anybody the moment you are feeling
hatred in you first of all all it
doesn't mean you're a hateful person it
doesn't mean you're hating it just means
the devil wants you to agree with those
lies of hate and do the action of hate
whether that's meditating on it so much
that you're wishing bad for a person or
speaking bad about them doing bad things
behind their back gossiping Discord
means a lack of Harmony disagreement
between people division we are called to
be United whenever you're sensing
yourself dividing people dividing people
in the body of Christ dividing families
with your actions with your words this
is actually a sin and this is an open
door to the devil jealousy this is a big
one this is one of the big biggest areas
of sin for Christians that goes
unnoticed like that many people do not
repent from but for some reason just let
it stay and the devil loves the spirit
of jealousy when a person accepts it
because it turns into division in the
body of Christ it turns into sometimes a
person with jealousy being a vessel of
the devil to try to take down a person
of God and Ministry that's what Saul did
to King David the spirit of jealousy he
agreed he let in he partnered with he
didn't reject it and that opened up a
door to demonic spirits demonic spirits
were then coming in him it says and he
was taken over by the devil and he ends
up trying to kill David with armies
making this his biggest life mission to
try to kill David this is the big Open
Door of trying to go against God when
you let the spirit of jealousy in fits
of rage anger lashing out at people
selfish ambition this one you should
really be aware of making sure that
you're not carrying selfishness in your
heart be aware throughout your days when
you're interacting with people are you
being selfish if you were feeling
selfishness surrender to God reject the
selfishness lies and choose to be
selfish choose to be generous choose to
put somebody first dissensions and
factions that can happen when there's so
much deeper and deeper division
happening within a church within a
family and Proverbs 6 16 says these are
six things the Lord hates these are are
all going to be open doors to the devil
big open doors Seven that are to
testable to him haughty eyes so that
means acting Superior prideful a lying
tongue hands that shed innocent blood a
heart that devises wicked schemes feet
that are quick to rush into evil a false
witness who pours out lies this many
times can happen when we open up that
door to the spirit of jealousy and a
person who stirs up conflict in the
community these things we should really
focus on meditate on and get them so in
our heart to be aware of those devil
schemes to entice us with any of these
things we should humble ourselves and
not think oh yeah I would never do that
we should better humble ourselves and
meditate on this word get it in us and
be prepared for that day where the devil
could entice us to open the door to one
of these things number two is words of
Words of Death
death life and death is in the power of
your tongue so this is one of the
biggest areas where Christians are
opening up doors to the devil without
realizing it many Christians know to not
do these sinful things that we just
shared about so much but many Christians
don't know that speaking the words that
a lot of them are speaking is actually
going completely against God's word and
opening up doors the devil is
prophesying death when you speak death
when you are agreeing with the devil's
Portion by saying I have depression I
have anxiety I have sickness for example
you are literally opening up a door to
the devil we need to be so careful over
our words the way that demons can come
in through speaking a word of death is
one by saying like I don't think I'm
gonna make it I'm not pretty enough I'm
not good enough I'm not a good enough
speaker I can't do what God's called me
to do I have anxiety I have depression
I'm suicidal I have sickness like saying
these things confessing these things
that is open and door to the devil also
when if you have ever said I want to die
that's a a deeper even word of death
where it's actually a covenant with a
demon of suicide and death so make sure
that you renounce specifically I
renounce saying I want to die speaking
covenants is another area of an open
door so if you've spoken covenants like
being part of a call like Freemasonry so
you need to renounce all of those
covenants all those promises that
weren't led by the Holy Spirit another
Demonic Soul Ties
Open Door is demonic soul ties and so
this can happen through relationships
usually through romantic relationships
but it can also be through just regular
friendships regular relationships or
mentor to mentee type relationship so
this is when a person for example May
manipulate you maybe they said say
you'll be with me forever and God didn't
ask you to agree with that and you spoke
that and and then a person can give you
things that can give you jewelry rings
and there can be Spirit of manipulation
witchcraft Behind these things behind
giving you gifts behind asking you to
confess things like promises their can
be a demonic Spirit behind that of
manipulation of Witchcraft when that
happens a demonic Soul tie is formed
also demonic soul ties can come in when
you're sleeping with people that can
just happen when you have sex with
someone a way to recognize the Demonic
Soul tie is like when God's asking you
to not be manipulated by someone stand
your ground say no and it's really hard
and you are like caring so much about
what the person thinks you don't want to
upset them that is an indicator that
there's a demonic Soul tie so you break
those demonic soul ties by renouncing
them and throwing away the items that a
demonic Sultan might be attached to the
next Open Door is witchcraft it says in
Leviticus 1931
Leviticus 1931 do not turn to mediums or
seek out spiritists for you will be
defiled by them so here's instruction to
show us that defiling will happen if you
turn to psychics if you turn to witches
which is are people who are using
demonic power so they are using a
supernatural power but the only
Supernatural power that's not of God is
the devil there's no in between there's
no good energy it's all demonic but the
devil has deceived many people into
thinking it's good he's come in this
form of the angel of Light through
things like yoga meditation not biblical
meditation but meditating in the New Age
way he's come in this angel of Light way
through psychics through healers through
Reiki tarot card readings through
astrology and you know when you're in
spiritual eyes are not open to what I'm
sharing right now you can think what's
the harm in all this it's not openly
like a devil's face on the tarot card a
devil's face outside the the door of the
psychic no way does it really seem
demonic when you're looking with
physical eyes you need spiritual eyes
you need your eyes to open up in the
spiritual realm to know that this is
completely demonic and it's open putting
up doors to Demons so when you ever
subject yourself to Witchcraft New Age
any of these things that are
Supernatural but it's not by the power
of Jesus any time you do that you
subject yourself you go to one of these
people or things the action of you
submitting yourself when you go there
for a purpose you go there for Kundalini
Yoga right to get more energy and a
different state of mind you're going
there for a supernatural reason you're
going to a psychic to have a
supernatural experience where they tell
you the future you go to tarot card
readings same reason you go to look at
astrology you're literally inviting the
supernatural power in your life well the
supernatural power is demonic so you're
literally inviting demons to come in
when you do these things go to these
things and another area of Witchcraft is
putting your faith in things like
crystals for healing putting your face
faith in evil eye jewelry for protection
putting your faith in dream catchers to
keep evil away using sage and put it
around the house and believing that that
the sage will keep evil away none of
those things come from Jesus all of
those things are accessing demonic
Powers so there is a supernatural power
at play but it's not doing what you
think it's doing it's not keeping the
evil away it's actually opening up a
door for the evil to come in you so
anytime you're putting your faith in
something that's not Jesus in a power
Supernatural power that is not the power
of Jesus you are opening up a door to
the devil and every time many times as
I'm ministering I find that the more
complex demonic bondage is when
witchcraft has been involved is when the
person had subjected themselves to
Witchcraft and it's because it's like
opening the door to sin is one thing
that allows demons to come in but when
you're opening the door to Witchcraft
you are literally saying I want demonic
Powers the Demonic powers are demons so
it's like even more dangerous you are
putting yourself deeper in to the
devil's Kingdom you are investing
yourself willingly saying like yes
demonic powers can come in my life so if
you've been involved with witchcraft in
any way it's so important that you take
seeking Jesus and surrendering and
renouncing and whatever is needed for
your freedom it's important to take it
seriously it's important you have that
fear of God knowing okay I subjected
myself to many dark things many things
of Witchcraft and I come humbly to Jesus
and I allow him to have his way with me
and however he wants to deliver me and
however it's going to look like many
times when I Minister I see people who
have done a lot of Witchcraft how many
times it is layer by layer but Jesus is
so faithful to deliver them step by step
more and more and more and more until
the complete Freedom comes do not turn
to mediums or seek out spiritists for
you will be defiled so it's literally
saying so much Darkness demonic stuff
will come when you go there it's a
serious warning there the next Open Door
is watching and listening to Darkness
Darkness
so watching horror movies or watching
just dark movies and a good way to tell
if it's a dark movie is
I mean usually you can tell by just
looking I mean before you even see it
the trailer the
the cover the the like thumbnail
um the title and even within the first
minute or so like you can tell your
spirit will say this is Darkness this is
not going to edify your spirit and so
you should also be careful what you
listen to as well the Bible says that
Listening
faith comes by hearing and hearing the
word of God so when you're hearing the
word of God when you're hearing the
things of God it's literally bringing
you closer to God it's putting faith in
you it's bringing more light in you and
keeping you focused on Jesus so the
opposite is true if you are listening to
the things of darkness and watching so
if you are listening to depressing songs
if you're listening to a lot of curse
words bad words and songs about doing
bad things to people's sinful things
getting wasted stuff like that doing
sexual things you're taking that in if
faith comes by hearing the word of God
that means that Darkness the opposite
will come in when you're listening when
you're watching the things of Darkness
so you should be very aware and only
watch or listen things that will edify
your spirit man I love to listen to only
worship music now you don't have to you
can listen to
other music but just be aware of what it
is you're listening to and just be aware
that it is edifying your spirit and it's
not Darkness but personally me I I just
love hearing the word of God all the
time and I love praising Jesus all the
time I love just
um you know constantly praising him
throughout the day and so to have
worship music on sometimes I'm just
joining in the song and I'm singing a
praise to God it can remind me to
constantly praise God to hear worship
music and if I'm watching something I
want it to be something that will edify
my spirit man sometimes it could be
educational for me to understand people
and events more history things like that
is it can be a good thing so we're not
just like completely aloof and not
knowing what people are going through in
the world so I just make I make sure
that I am intentional with what I watch
that it's definitely not opening up a
door to the devil that's definitely not
Darkness but it's light it has purpose
it's edifying on your social media you
should really go through who you're
following and see what what's darkness
and what could be an open door to the
devil so you don't want to scroll and
just something pops up you can prevent
that take it seriously be intentional
over who you're following so that the
devil doesn't sneak in any way the next
Abuse
Open Door is abuse sexual abuse domestic
abuse verbal abuse so all of the open
doors I just mentioned all are having to
do with you having control over that
door so these are all you opening up a
door that can make it that could make a
demon come in so this is all up to you
to keep those doors shut there are a
couple other doors that can open where
you don't have control over but they
were opened and this is how demons can
come in in one's life one of them is
abuse that's going to be sometimes out
of your control sometimes it is in your
control if you are dating someone or
having keeping someone close to you a
friend closer than you should be When
God says this person is dangerous this
person's an open door to the devil I
didn't call you to bring this person
close it's dangerous for your spiritual
health for your physical health when you
disobeyed that and you keep that person
around then that is you opening up a
door to the devil that is how the door
was open but sometimes the abuse didn't
happen by you opening up a door but many
times it could be having to do with
another person's Authority that they've
given like for children it could have
been parents parents are spiritually
responsible
for their children physically and
spiritually so if there they could be
opening up doors that's affecting the
children the children could become
oppressed because of the parents not
properly using the authority in Christ
and and protecting the children so if
they're bringing in people allowing the
wrong people dangerous people close to
the children then that would have been
that that open door that was open it was
the parents giving Authority and opening
that door allowing the demons to come in
and whenever abuse has happened however
the door was opened the oppression that
really usually happens from abuse is
what happens after when abuse happens
the devil knows exactly what to start
speaking to the person shame
unworthiness it's your fault you're
defiled
um you're not worthy things like this
hell immediately strategically they
start speaking it to you and so if you
are not spiritually equipped to
recognize these are the lives of the
devil strategic lies and I better not
meditate on them or speak them aloud but
I better reject them if you don't have
have that spiritual training and wisdom
to do that then you could end up
speaking these lies of the devil and
that's actually where that open door
came in was by you agreeing with those
lies and then speaking them and the last
open door to the demons in the last open
door where demons can come in is through
past Generations so it says that it
shall be if you diligently listen to and
obey the voice of the Lord your God
being careful to do all of his
Commandments which I am commanding you
today the Lord your God will set you
high above all the nations of the Earth
all these blessings will come upon you
and overtake you if you pay attention to
the voice of the Lord your God you will
be blessed in the city you will be
blessed in the field The Offspring of
your body and the produce of your ground
and The Offspring of your animals The
Offspring of your herd and the young of
your flock will be blessed
so when you obey God his voice
it's saying then you will be blessed and
The Offspring of your body will be
blessed
it's literally saying when you serve God
when you're obedient to him you
surrender to him your children will be
blessed
that means there's a supernatural
blessing of protection a supernatural
blessing that comes upon your children
your Offspring your grandchildren well
if that's true it also means the reverse
can be true it doesn't say that every
single person
their children will be blessed no it
says those who obey the voice of God
their children will be blessed so that
means that when someone is going against
God
when someone is opening up doors
especially to Witchcraft the opposite
can happen to the children
curse can come upon the children
generational curses that's where they
come from generational curses they come
from a door that was opened a person
using their Authority and opening up a
door to the devil which ended up being
passed down
this is where you see addictions for
example that repeat through every
generation or this anger this where
someone just always beats up someone
happens every generation
a door was opened
and our curse was passed down the
bloodline when a person opens the door
to witchcraft
that is really that is really opening up
the door hugely for curses to come upon
future Generations
especially even more so when a person is
really involving themselves deeply in
witchcraft
more more so than just like going to a
psychic one time for example but like
choosing to serve the enemy choosing to
be a witch choosing to be a psychic
choosing to serve the devil in some way
where the devil will literally ask you
to do things and all he's asking you to
do is all horp things
um he'll he can ask the people who serve
him to
make a sacrifice of someone in their
future generation
in their future Offspring uh like this
person will have sickness in their life
for example
the devil will for for you to go higher
in the devil's Kingdom or for you to get
things from the devil which are never
which always come with sorrow the Bible
says the blessings of God come without
sorrow so the blessings from the devil
which are not blessings but the things
that you want from the devil like fame
money luck
that you're trying to get in the Demonic
Way by going to the devil
um it comes with sorrow and so that's
one of the ways of the sorrow that it's
talking about is that you have to
sacrifice things
like you have to sacrifice things that
you shouldn't accept bad things like a
human life
uh someone in your family's life
sometimes
the devil will ask people who serve him
to like pay a lot of money or make a
blood sacrifice
um specifically so that person would
have a curse so when there's deeper
torment
where a person is really going through a
lot of layers of Deliverance
in many times it's this is the reasoning
why because there was a deeper
there's a deeper investment into the
devil's Kingdom in past generation lines
and a specific a curse or sacrifice put
upon
a person in the future generation and so
that person it's important to be aware
of
your past of past generations and and
find out what they were involved in what
they're involved with Freemasonry for
example and renounce all these things if
you found out that the person was
serving the devil in some way was doing
witchcraft in some way renounce those
things and renounce them specifically
and surrender to Jesus to to do whatever
surrender to Jesus to receive all of the
keys needed to unlock complete freedom
sometimes a person in your past
Generations have invested so much into
the devil's Kingdom put so much into the
devil's Kingdom that there's a real big
deficit and what will break that curse
completely is by you pouring into God's
Kingdom
so much in all the different ways
of pouring into his kingdom of sowing
into his kingdom so that the deficit is
comes out and you're now out of that
curse and deficit that that the reaping
that came from the past generation
sewing so much in the devil's Kingdom
and you've come now
out of the deficit and now in the
Abundant Life of Jesus
so it's time to receive freedom and more
freedom today I know God has opened up
your eyes to see oh certain I know God
has opened up your eyes to see different
areas where the devil has come in where
you maybe you opened a door and you
didn't even realize it or you forgot
about the door so right now it's time to
be free renouncing is a big key for your
deliverance so renounce all of these
open doors specifically and renounce the
bondage the Yoke specifically
right now you can speak it aloud you can
say I renounce taking the drugs every
announce going to a sidekick I renounce
agreeing with the diagnosis over my
health
I detach you from everything you have
renounced and I break every generational
curse and Every curse sent upon you
every sacrifice and upon you I cancel it
and I break every demonic Soul tie I
break every word curse I detach you from
every item that God's LED you to throw
away
and I command on through every Spirit
attached all you have renounced must go
in Jesus name
one two three out now
I declare complete freedom healing
Abundant Life to you now in Jesus name
here are some examples of open doors
that people have renounced and been
delivered from drug addiction or sexual
sins and every unclean spirit and every
open door has allowed me to become
demonized come on
I break every generational curse I'd
attach them from all he is renounced and
I come in on three every Spirit attached
every Spirit of addiction almost go in
Jesus name one two three
hallelujah
hallelujah be filled with this anointing
be purified now in Jesus name nouns
fear of man anxiety and
through every Spirit attached every
Spirit of religion anxiety almost go in
Jesus name one
two three
thank you Jesus
I renounce witchcraft sorcery the occult
hence the spirit of murder violence the
strong man I renounce python I renounce
Leviathan Every curse of Witchcraft I
break it off you I detach you from all
you've renounced and on through every
Spirit attach every Spirit coming
through abuse every Spirit harassing you
sent through people to harass you and
hurt you almost go in Jesus Jesus name
on three one two three
[Music]
hallelujah thank you Lord
thank you Lord may you carry this
revival fire thanks for joining me on
this episode and I can't wait for the
next episode Revival is now
[Music]
your kingdom is
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
10/23
