---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: New Believer
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 11/23
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDEme3WzSHs
Title: The Anointing - Revival is Now TV Show - Episode 9
Date: 2022-10-09
Keywords: [not added yet]
---

[Music]
they're the ones
[Music]
hi I'm Apostle Catherine welcome to
another episode of Revival is now
on the past few episodes you've been
learning how to receive Deliverance
healing and Abundant Life how to receive
miracles from Jesus and in this revival
this is what we are seeing a restoration
of the Miracles Freedom healing
The Works of the devil destroyed now
God's Miracles don't happen just any old
way but he has principles he has order
and he has a way of releasing his
miracles you've been learning in these
past few episodes that one of the big
keys to receiving Deliverance is
renouncing to renounce the open doors
where demons have come in and also
renouncing the works of the devil the
bondages in your life and today you're
going to learn the other major key of
receiving Deliverance and that is the
anointing and it shall come to pass in
that day that his burden shall be taken
away from off thy shoulder and his yoke
from off thy neck and the Yoke shall be
destroyed because of the anointing
now this picture here when we look at it
in the Physical Realm
a yoke
on the shoulder
this speaks of a of ox that carry a
heavy load ox or cattle that carry Goods
or people and how they would do that how
did they still do that in some places
today is they put a brace across the
oxes or cattle's back
they put a brace across the axis back on
their neck
and it is a brace it is heavy and they
are stuck in this brace they cannot get
out of that brace get out of that yoke
on their own they would need a human to
lift it off of them and so it's very
heavy they're stuck that's what a yoke
is in the Physical Realm so in the
spiritual realm there are yolks
spiritual yokes what a yoke is is
a bondage like that brace around the
cattle but spiritual a spiritual heavy
bondage
that cannot go away
with your own ability you cannot take it
off on your own
but only the anointing can destroy those
Yokes as it says
the Yoke shall be destroyed because of
the anointing the Bible says in John 10
10 that the devil came to steal kill and
destroy but I Jesus have come that you
would have life and have it to the full
have it in abundance
and it also says this is this this is
the reason the son of man came to
destroy the works of the devil so Jesus
on the cross
destroyed the curse of the devil where
all of his works all the Yokes he would
bring before
people were stuck with them as a curse
but now Jesus has come to destroy that
curse that the devil would have power
over God's children
and now we can receive freedom from the
Yokes that have entered our lives
through Jesus
the thing is is that the devil is still
at work today Jesus has defeated him
from having power over us when we put
our faith in Jesus but when we become a
Believer we don't automatically just
become free of everything we don't
automatically see the devil stop trying
to send weapons against us in our lives
it's quite the opposite the devil is
still at work
if you can read the word of God
with Revelation follow the word of God
be spiritually equipped
you can have victory over every single
attack of the devil the problem is is
that much of the body of Christ has been
malnourished in the spiritual things and
the spiritual teachings knowledge their
eyes have been shut and so the devil's
still at work and he's able to have
victory in the forms of succeeding and
bringing Yokes in people's lives
stealing killing and destroying because
many Believers either aren't serious
about surrendering to God and defeating
the devil or they don't know how to
defeat the Devil in many Believers lives
today there are yokes the devil is
trying to steal kill and destroy every
aspect of your life physically
emotionally spiritually mentally
financially relationally every part he's
after
and so these Yokes can be found
in every area of your life you may need
Freedom today
from yolks in several areas of your life
so Jesus has come
so that we can be freed from these Yokes
and this is what we are learning now how
to receive that freedom from Jesus that
he's provided for us on the cross Yokes
are demons or demonic oppression or
unclean evil spirits many names but it
you can simplify it to a yoke or a chain
a spiritual chain of the devil addiction
anxiety depression panic attacks night
terrors demons doing things to you in
the night a Spirit of Rejection orphan
Spirit mute Spirit deaf spirit and
spirit of infirmity and many more these
are all yokes so when it comes to
seeking freedom for these Yokes we look
in the word of God and we find it clear
as day right here Isaiah 10 27. the Yoke
shall be destroyed because of the
anointing
how
because of the anointing the anointing
is needed to destroy the Yoke just as
the ox cannot lift off the Yoke with its
own hooves
it only could come off with the human in
that case with the ox the human hands in
the spiritual realm the Yoke can only be
destroyed by the anointing
not by physical efforts not by a loud
voice not by a minister touching a
person and pushing them down
not by placing an object on the person's
head or body not by playing special
music
by The anointing you need the anointing
to destroy the yokes the anointing is
the power of God the measure of the
power of God that God places in a vessel
that measure of the power of God lives
in a vessel
and flows through the vessel
as the vessel obeys God
through their words through their
actions through their Ministry
from the Old Testament to the New
Testament
you can see God releasing anointing to
his vessels and his vessels walking in
Mighty power of God
it is the anointing that makes the
miracles to happen God chooses to use
people it's just what he chose to do he
could have done it another way
he could have made Miracles come from
this guy he could say whenever you need
a miracle stand outside your door and
I'll make it to rain
on you
he could have chosen many other ways but
God chose it this way
that he would put himself his power
in a vessel this is I'm saying this by
and large God can do anything God
doesn't need to use people and there are
times where he can choose not to use a
person because he's God and there's
always God's always doing different
things new things he's not confined do
it has to be this way but he has
principles and when we look through his
word there's a way that he moves in the
most part and that is through people and
he wants you to know that this is his
principle this is his way of releasing
his power so you know where to find his
power so we see in Elijah that he was
carrying anointing and he was doing many
miracles here are some examples Elijah
brought down fire from heaven to defeat
his enemies
there was a widow who was hungry and God
used him to make there to be miraculous
provision food for her and her son to
eat and not die by the power of God
Elijah raised a dead person back to life
and as a prophet of God he spoke the
word and the rain stopped it ceased to
rain and once again as he spoke the rain
then began to fall God also used him to
part the Jordan River and by the way
when we're speaking of vessels who walk
in God's power it is God doing all the
Miracles it is completely his power
humans who carry the power of God they
do not have their own Supernatural power
it is purely Jesus's power we are just
vessels but God really sees it as a
partnership that as we obey him as we do
what he says he releases the power
through us and he's also given us
Authority on this Earth
and so Jesus says to the disciples you
heal the sick you cast out demons you
raise the dead well now it is really
Jesus the one doing it but because God's
given us Authority and because he honors
this partnership he chooses to even say
you do it so side note when you're
talking about in terms of the proper
verbiage to use when talking about
anointed vessels like do you say they
heal the person or God healed the person
it doesn't matter too much but what's
important is for it to be known that it
is Jesus alone who does every miracle
and it is Jesus's power but because
Jesus says you heal the sick if a person
says this person healed when it's known
that it's God's power and God's getting
the glory that's okay but it is Jesus
power alone who does every Miracle now
Elijah had a spiritual son Elisha and
Elisha served him in his ministry and he
received Elijah's Mantle which means
that same anointing that God entrusted
to Elijah It Came Upon Elisha and so
then Elijah was doing the same Miracles
that Elijah did Elisha also part of the
Jordan River by God's power he healed
people by God's power and he rose people
from the dead by God's power as well as
many miracles and even when he died and
all that was left was his bones his
bones carried anointing still the Bible
says that a dead person was thrown on
Elisha's bones and that dead person came
to life when he touched Elisha's bones
this is a true story not a fairy tale
wow God's anointing is powerful Moses
was another one who walked in the
anointing there's so many Miracle signs
and wonders that God did through Moses
god used Moses to do Mighty signs and
wonders and miracles that confounded the
enemies the Egyptians who held them in
bondage confounded them made them to
fear God and ultimately LED them to be
delivered from the several hundred years
of slavery God used Moses to cause
Supernatural plagues to happen and God
used Moses to part the sea which was the
moment that they were able to be
delivered from Egypt and the Seas came
back together and all their enemies were
washed away and Moses had a spiritual
son as well Joshua Joshua Joshua also
walked in the anointing and he did once
again a similar Miracle as Moses where
God used him to part a sea he also used
him to stop the Sun and then in the New
Testament we see God doing the same
thing using vessels with his power to do
Miracles Jesus talks about how he is
giving Authority and power over demons
over all demons and all sicknesses Jesus
says I'm giving it to you so he's making
it clear this is how I'm going to do
America close I'm going to do it by the
power I put in you he says heal the sick
cast out demons raise the dead these
signs shall follow those who believe
they will lay their hands on sick people
and they will get well they will cast
out demons Jesus says you shall do the
things I did and greater things even
greater things that means there is no
limit to what God wants to do through
his vessels by his power he wants to
heal every kind of sickness the
sicknesses that were not around in the
Biblical times he he wants to and is
going to heal all those sicknesses
through his vessels he is going to
Castle every kind of demon that wasn't
even talked about in the Bible every
kind of demonic spirit in yoke he will
cast out through his vessels now God
worked unusual Miracles by the hands of
Paul so that even handkerchiefs or
aprons were brought from his body to the
sick and the diseases left them and the
evil spirits went out of them this is
powerful because it shows us what they
did in the times of the acts Church
which is our example today of how we
should do church and how to receive
Miracles so when they needed Miracles
back then they located the anointing
they recognized that God had chosen to
use Apostle Paul with Mighty anointing
they recognize that the anointing was
flowing through Apostle Paul so they
needed to position themselves where
Apostle Paul was ministering and
received through that vessel of apostle
Paul so in this case that anointing was
so strong extraordinary another
translation says unusual Miracles were
happening through Paul I mean it was
just emanating from him so strongly
that they were just bringing
handkerchiefs and aprons to his body to
his skin just touching his body
and then Lena on the sick and demon
possessed and immediately demons refleen
and this sick were being healed you see
how effortless it was how it was purely
the anointing that was making the demons
to go and the sicknesses to leave it's
not even saying that Paul was saying
anything laying hands it was just simple
the transfer of anointing we also see
that Apostle Peter was a vessel of the
anointing and that he walked in high
level anointing as well the apostles
performed many signs and wonders among
the people verse 15. as a result people
brought the sick into the streets and
laid them on beds and mats so that at
least Peter's Shadow might fall on some
of them as he passed by crowds gathered
also from the towns around Jerusalem
bringing their sick and those tormented
by impure spirits and all of them were
healed the people in those times were
doing the same thing as they were doing
with Apostle Paul they were recognizing
where the anointing was flowing they
recognized God had chosen to use Apostle
Peter a high level anointing was an
apostle Peter and so they positioned
themselves under his ministry I knew
anointing would just be flowing from him
so they just had to position themselves
simply that and you can see how these
these Miracles were happening so
effortlessly once again just as with
Paul many people think that to see
people be delivered be healed we have to
put a lot of effort into it a lot of
physical effort whether it's a loud
voice whether it's laying hands and
unfortunately sometimes people are
pushing we should never push
it doesn't say push people it says lay
hands
and let the power of God push people
touch people a lot of people think
that's the way that we need to put
effort into it but God wants to show how
powerful he is but we have to step back
get out of the way and allow him to have
the full Glory allow him to show himself
to show how Mighty he is
and so this is so powerful they were
just coming positioning themselves like
near Apostle Peter and so his shadow
falling from the sun beaming on him
would pass by people and when it did
demons were literally just leaving sick
were being healed so simple so powerful
so effortless why because he carried
true anointing and the Bible says the
Yoke shall be destroyed because of the
anointing period not anointing and human
effort and Loud Voice period the
anointing and the anointing of God is so
powerful you know how powerful God is we
don't need to help him when we really
what we need is the actual anointing
many people are missing the anointing
and so they're trying to compensate but
the compensation does not work we need
the anointing and it says in verse 16.
all of them were healed
oh
all of them all of them not 50 percent
not even 99
all of them why
well one of the big reasons why is
because Peter actually carried true
anointing and the anointing of god is
perfect and without flaw and the
anointing of God makes every demon to
tremble and leave they cannot stay the
anointing of God makes all Darkness to
leave the anointing of God is like fire
coming and burning away the darkness
oh
how we need the anointing how to find
the anointing find where the anointing
is flowing through vessels through
anointed vessels to here today revivals
now and when we say revivals now it
means that God has poured his anointing
upon vessels and he's releasing this
anointing through them so where do you
find them well it's important to
understand that the anointing is
something that's rare today and in this
revival it's becoming less rare
Hallelujah but we are just beginning
this revival so it is rare seeing
everybody healed like they were in Acts
is pretty much kind of unheard of today
it's rare and the reason being is that
the anointing isn't given to every
single child of God but only Those whom
God can entrust it with it says in
Matthew 11 25 this is when the disciples
first came back from casting out demons
and they told Jesus and they were
excited like wow just like the demons
obeyed you they obeyed I nice and so you
can see they had anointing Jesus had
released true anointing
an authority to them
and so then Jesus one of the first
things that he says after they report
back is he Praises God he says I praise
you father Lord of Heaven and Earth
because you have hidden these things
from the wise and learned and revealed
them to little children
you have hidden these things and the
passion translation it says you have
hidden the great revelation of your
Authority from those who are proud and
wise in their own eyes instead you have
shared it with those who humble
themselves yes Father your plan Delights
your heart as you've chosen this way to
extend your kingdom by giving it to
those who have become like trusting
children so this reveals to us that God
literally hides the revelation of how to
receive the anointing and walk in the
anointing and Authority he hides it from
many people he hides it from those who
are proud it does not say he hides it
from the unbelievers and reveals it to
the Believers no because a lot of
Believers are proud a lot of Believers
are not like children childlike humble
he only reveals it to the humble and
childlike that is why the anointing is
rare today because it does not come
automatically like the Holy Spirit comes
automatically when you give your life to
Jesus the anointing is the holy spirit
but but there are many dimensions to the
Holy Spirit the Holy Spirit comes in
every believer when you give your life
to Jesus immediately and then when you
truly surrender everything because
that's usually different from when you
first decide to accept Jesus into your
life as your savior there's a time later
when you with with spiritual eyes open
up decide to lay down everything your
dreams your Wills your plans and you
mean it with your whole heart and you
earnestly want all of God and and when
that happens you receive the baptism of
the Holy Spirit
the baptism the Holy Spirit comes upon
you as fire and the Bible talks about
how when people were baptized in the
Holy Spirit in the Bible they begin to
speak in tongues
and you receive power and this is the
place where you are first being readied
being prepared prepared for Ministry but
the baptism of the holy spirit is for
everyone when they're ready to surrender
but there are a lot of people who have
that moment of surrender but aren't but
but are not seen as trustworthy yet and
in God's eyes meaning they have that
moment of surrender but they might
backtrack they might only surrender for
that one day they might not be humble
they there's a lot of people who pray in
tongues but or prideful and are living
sinfully lukewarm
so the anointing God only releases to
Those whom he can entrust where you have
to go through tests God has to see I've
tested your character again and again
I've refined your heart I've transformed
you to become like me so much that I
know that when I entrust you with this
anointing you will truly be able to
Steward it according to my perfect will
and not abuse or misuse it ever there
are different dimensions of the Holy
Spirit Holy Spirit you receive when you
first give your life to Jesus then the
baptisms of the holy spirit is more of
God it's literally receiving more of God
in you more of the Holy Spirit
and then the anointing is receiving yet
more of God but this aspect is
specifically for Ministry it's
specifically for God to use you in power
it's a gift for Ministry it's a gift to
be used selflessly for God's will for
his people to heal the liver raise the
dead destroy the works of the devil God
is restoring the anointing in this
revival and he wants to use you in his
anointing so today there's going to be a
couple things that happens first if you
need Freedom healing Miracles Jesus is
going to release it by the power of His
anointing secondly God wants to use you
in his anointing impartation of
anointing will be released to you and
you will truly see God work in power
through you according to his perfect
timing and according to exactly how he
wants to use you in his power so as
you've learned in the prior episodes
renouncing is a is an important key to
to be free so you can begin to renounce
right now if you need Freedom renounce
all the open doors where the devil has
come in your life if you sinned if you
spoke words of death if you've done
witchcraft if you were abused if there
was past which craft in the family line
or if the past family line has opened up
doors to the enemy you can begin to
speak that right now
I break every generational curse and I
Break Every curse off of you I cancel
every Covenant of death I break every
demonic Soul tie I Break Every curse of
poverty and I detach you from all you've
renounced I command on three every
Spirit attached must leave you in Jesus
name
one two three
thank you Jesus
I release this anointing upon you be
filled with abundant life be filled with
peace and joy and I speak complete
Freedom complete healing over you in
Jesus name
and now lift your hands to God as his
anointing comes upon you for you to walk
in God's power
I release this anointing upon you now be
filled with this power of God to do the
impossible to do Miracles I declare the
sick to be healed through you I declare
demons to be cast out by you in Jesus
name I declare people's eyes to open up
to God's love
in Jesus name here is a clip that shows
the power of the anointing to destroy
every yoke because when you can just
come to where the anointing is all of
Darkness
with has to go let's leave her on three
in Jesus name one two three
praise God
hallelujah thank you Jesus I'm trying
so powerful Jesus is so powerful Jesus
is so accustomed all demons are exposed
and have to leave today
demonic Soul Thai
I answer Every curse
back to him every satanic Spirit must
leave him on three in Jesus name one
two
three
[Music]
you are free praise God
[Applause]
complete freedom is yours
thank you Jesus
[Music]
let's get
it
thank you for watching I can't wait for
the next episode Revival is now
your kingdom is here
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
11/23

