---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: New Believer
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 16/23
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTZ2ZukY5ZI
Title: Freedom from Word Curses - Revival is Now TV Show - Episode 6
Date: 2022-09-18
Keywords: [not added yet]
---

[Music]
not the ones
[Music]
here
[Music]
Let Your Glory
welcome to another episode of Revival is
now on this program you've been learning
how to receive Abundant Life which means
healing and deliverance recently I've
been sharing how to see complete
deliverance happen how to see the most
amount of people be set free and today
I'm going to reveal more how we can see
all be healed just as they did in the
book of Acts and in the gospels when
Jesus was ministering did you know that
we are part of the kingdom of God maybe
you've sang about the kingdom of God
maybe you've spoken about it you've read
this scripture but have you ever
actually thought about what that means
that you are in a kingdom I say to you
that you are Peter and I will give you
the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven
whatever you forbid on Earth will be
forbidden in heaven and whatever you
permit on Earth will be permitted in
heaven It also says in the passion
translation
I give you the name Peter a stone
and this truth of who I am will be the
Bedrock foundation on which I will build
my church my legislative assembly
passion translation
translates Kingdom
as my legislative assembly
let's think about what the word Kingdom
means rather than just something we say
what let's think about Kingdom a kingdom
has a vision has a goal for their
country if you're thinking about
kingdoms of a country there are
different levels of authorities within
that Kingdom within that country and
those people of and those people in
places of authority
represent the nation's ideals dreams
Visions many times they're elected into
that place if it's a monarchy they are
following the foundation of the
country's principles that pass down from
generation to generation to generation
and those people in Authority helped to
make the dream the goal go forth so for
example in America there's the goals
dreams Visions ideals of prosperity
peace freedom Liberty The Pursuit of
Happiness where anyone can achieve
anything you can come from a different
country you can be an immigrant and you
can achieve your dream and you will be
free there's freedom of religion there's
freedom to create your own wealth these
are the ideals right and so in this
Kingdom the kingdom wants these ideals
to move forward year after year after
year and goals that have not even been
accomplished yet for them to be
accomplished and the way they do that is
by having people in positions of
authority
to help these goals go forth we are in a
kingdom of God
and this is God's kingdom where he's the
king where he's the ruler where it's his
dreams ideals Vision that we adopt that
we follow and he's given us authority to
make his dreams his vision go forth he's
given us Authority on this Earth we have
authority over the powers of darkness
and what are our ideals as the kingdom
of God it's to destroy the kingdom of
darkness to remove people from the
devil's grip from death and sickness and
bondage and bring them to life to peace
to Joy and above all for them to know
God's love and make Jesus their lord and
savior that's what we are here walking
in Authority doing on this Earth in this
Kingdom
and so since we are in a kingdom
we need to make sure we're operating as
a kingdom would
it's a kingdom government
like how it says in the passion
translation my legislative assembly
that's how it's interpreted that's how
it's translated as Kingdom it's a
government well and in a government and
in a kingdom there are people in
authority of different ranks and
everyone is holding some position of
authority but there's different
positions and there's different rankings
take America for example will you have
the president at the highest level of
authority you have Governors you have
Senators you have Mayors and those are
also high levels of authority but
they're lower than the president and
then you have policemen you have judges
those would be another level of
authority and then you have
citizens who actually are all operating
in Authority in some way teachers
they're operating in authority over the
children with the nation's ideals that
they need to go by the rules of the city
which is ultimately rules of the nation
but for the children to grow and be
great citizens in society doctors
they're in a place of authority they're
they have authority to help people
supervise our manager they are in a
place of authority and all of these
places of Authority for the most part
are adopting the nation's ideals of at
least being fair Freedom allowing people
to prosper then you have families the
mother the father has authority over the
children and when they're living rightly
they're training their child up in a
good way to be a good citizen to treat
people fairly to treat people how you
would like to be treated every single
person in society is operating in a
place of authority so in the kingdom of
God
we all have been given a measure of
authority
but in the kingdom of God we're also in
a government meaning that there are
different levels of authority
for God's perfect purposes to accomplish
his mission
we understand in America that we need
different levels of
authorities imagine if there was no
president no governor
no policemen but we were all just the
same level of authority
that would not work other nations that
actually have a kingdom that have
government that have order that have a
good system of executing Authority they
would come conquer us hurt us attack us
we need this structure of government it
it came actually from God you know
government kingdoms that came from God
it's a good thing in the body of Christ
there is a lot of spiritual blindness
God is opening up eyes in this revival
for people to be able to see in the
spiritual realm many things a big one is
the devil's devices his schemes of how
he works but another area where God's
opening up eyes in the body of Christ is
for people to actually see
how things work in the spiritual Realm
how things work in our kingdom of God
many people do not understand that we
are in a kingdom and we need to operate
as a kingdom government to really see
God's perfect will be done Jesus says
how can Satan drive out Satan this is
when people were questioning Jesus
saying accusing him of casting demons
out by the power of Satan
and he says well how can Satan drive out
Satan like this doesn't make sense if a
kingdom is divided against itself that
Kingdom cannot stand if a house is
divided against itself that house cannot
stand and if Satan opposes himself and
is divided he cannot stand his end has
come so it literally says how can Saint
John Satan if a kingdom is divided
against itself that Kingdom cannot stand
so he's acknowledging that there is a
kingdom of darkness that Satan operates
under
and there's order in this Kingdom he's
saying here the the demons they
understand Kingdom principles they work
together there are different levels of
demonic powers different levels of
authorities for we do not wrestle
against flesh and blood but against
principalities against Powers against
the rulers of the darkness of this age
and against spiritual hosts of
wickedness in the Heavenly places
principalities Powers rulers spiritual
hosts of witness wickedness these are
actually different levels of demonic
powers in the kingdom of darkness
different rankings different levels of
authority principality means a prince of
a region a prince meaning the head so if
a kingdom is divided against itself it
cannot stand
so in the Demonic realm they understand
Kingdom they understand Kingdom
government and they're operating
together in unity there
so that the devil's will that they want
because they want the devil's will to be
accomplished
in society whether you realize it or not
like in America
or any Kingdom but in America we are we
are cooperating
with the government with order with
Society we have to or will be like
thrown in jail you know like you we we
don't try to
run into the president's office and say
I'm going to take over for example we
let him be president we we let him do
his job and and we should be grateful
for these president and different
positions of authority policemen judges
we should be grateful for them teachers
doctors because they help make our lives
better they help make society's life
better the president and other members
of government their
helping the the nation to be protected
which in turn we are protected there are
um CIA and there's these people that are
looking for Country schemes to keep us
safe but that's this because there's the
government in place so we we actually
cooperate by and large we as Society we
cooperate we understand the kingdom and
we're we're grateful for it and we know
to just take our position in of our
Authority in this Society in this
Kingdom in the government so in the
kingdom of God there is also different
levels of authorities and Powers just as
it says in Ephesians 6 where there's
different levels in the spiritual realm
that we're wrestling against
principalities even in the same way
there are different levels of authority
in the kingdom of God
and you can see through Apostle Paul's
Ministry acts 1911 it says God was doing
such extraordinary Miracles through him
such extraordinary this is speaking
higher
above normal this is speaking to us that
he walked in a high level Authority
him and Peter were walking in such a
high-level Authority that
everyone was being healed it says with
Peter that all the demon possessed all
the stick that came under his shadow
they were all healed
and this is the secret because Peter
he had the highest level of authority
where even principalities had to obey
his authority just like when the
president issues an order it's such a
high level that
anyone that's under him
has to obey that command
well well the kingdom of God is higher
than the kingdom of darkness
so the highest level Authority that God
releases in the kingdom of God will
always be greater than the
principalities the highest level in the
Demonic Realm
but the thing is is we as a body of
Christ need to acknowledge that there is
a kingdom that there is a government and
we need to be United in this fact except
the kingdom of government except that
God has different levels of authority
for his perfect purpose for all of our
good it says in First Corinthians 12
that we are a body with many parts the
body of Christ
if one part suffers every part suffers
with it if one part is honored every
part shares in its Joy just like in the
government in society if a president is
is attacked is if there's an
Insurrection let's say and and
everyone's Focus everyone's divided
everyone's attacking the high level
authority of the country we we actually
become very vulnerable for other
countries to attack because we are
divided we're so focused on being
divided that we're not strong there's
weakness there's holes but when we are
united when we're all supportive when
when we just let the the kingdom
government go how it's supposed to
then we will be strong
it says in Ephesians 4 that God gave
Apostles prophets evangelists pastors
and teachers and so the purpose of this
faithful Ministry is to teach equip
build up and impart so this fivefold
ministry they are in the position of a
higher level Authority as like teachers
like teachers in society they're in the
place of helping of raising up of of
helping others to become at their level
if that's God's will or beyond their
level if that's God's will or just what
God's level of authority is supposed to
be for that person's life
whatever the body part that God has
assigned that person to be the fiful
ministry is called to raise them up to
be that body to be that part in the body
of Christ prophets are the eyes imagine
if what would happen if the body of
Christ actually acknowledged true
prophets instead of persecuting them
prophets are the eye of the body of
Christ imagine if we would accept the I
if we would accept the I there would be
it would become like the CIA of America
where there's an eye on all of the
devil's attacks where there's the eye on
all of the attacks on America as a whole
not just City by city but America as a
whole they are
they are finding all of the devil
schemes
prophets in the body of Christ God has
given them a special position of
authority to be able to see we're all
given prophetic giftings but it's not at
the level of profit that's a special
level for the purpose of protecting the
kingdom of God on this Earth as one of
the reasons it's just a true sign of an
apostle is that they walk in signs
wonders and miracles they are the
foundation of the body of Christ along
with the prophets as it says in
Ephesians 2 20 as Christ uses as the
Chief Cornerstone so that Foundation
Apostles and Prophets need to be
at a high level place of releasing to
others of helping others of building the
body up of releasing that impartation of
anointing that high level anointing
they're walking in to walk in science
wonders and miracles to help others walk
in signs wonders and miracles and equip
them in how to do that
so that's why we see Apostle Paul and
Apostle Peter it was the apostles that
were that we have these examples of
walking in a high level of authority
many in the body of Christ many times
it's like
there's not this Kingdom Mount mentality
or this body mentality where we all need
each other but it's more of a
me mentality me my Ministry me me me and
it's like how can I prophesy the best
how can I make sure I can cast out as
many demons as possible or preach the
best or me me but not having an eye on
the fact that we all have different
gifts we all need each other we all have
different callings we all need each
other we all have different levels of
authority of anointing according to
God's perfect purpose and we all need
each other in the acts Church there's a
Simplicity and ease in which Miracles
were taking place it says in Acts 5 14
people brought the sick into the streets
and laid them on beds and mats so that
at least Peter's Shadow might fall on
some of them as he passed by crowds
gathered also from the towns around
Jerusalem bringing their sick and those
tormented by impure spirits and all of
them
were healed revivals now and we're going
to see this again all of them were
healed
but you have to admit what news that
will make because we haven't heard that
like ever I feel like at least that's my
experience from what I know since the
book of Acts where
all were healed
and this is a big secret
of why there was such ease such
simplicity
why everyone was healed one of the
secrets one of the reasons
is that the body of Christ in the book
of Acts had awareness eyes open up to
how the kingdom of God the kingdom
government operated and they respected
it so they acknowledged they could see
that Apostle Peter
was at a high level of authority
position in the kingdom of God where his
level of authority was so high that even
principalities must obey his authority
so it became simple what do we do we
have these people our friends our family
ourselves who are demon-possessed right
what do we do
do we all just try and cast out demons
and spend hours and hours and wonder why
are the demons laughing at us you know
why aren't they going no we recognize
well
let's go to the church the place where
we get equipped the place where we
receive healing Freedom we receive
impartation let's go to the church and
there the church God will deal with all
the demons in me because this is his
kingdom government in action
there is the highest level of authority
there that if a person has
principalities in them they must leave
they have to obey so they recognize this
was the real Church there wasn't
guessing there wasn't like I feel like
this is God
they could see by the fruits of apostle
Peter for example that he was a true
apostle that he was walking in a high
level of anointing and authority and so
they just came they just positioned
themselves where is where his authority
was being executed
and it was as simple as that once they
positioned themselves there they had
submitted themselves
their whole their whole spiritual life
their their demons they've submitted
them
two
the kingdom government of God
and
immediately
Peter was there executing that Authority
Apostle Peter was there executing that
Authority and demons even the
principalities had to go one of the
biggest reasons why we don't see all
healed today is because there are
principalities and people that aren't
leaving because they're not getting them
to the place where the high level of
anointing and Authority is
practically if you're casting out demons
out of someone you shouldn't have it in
your heart as like I must cast this out
this demon out of a person but you
should have the heart of I want this
person to be set free
this person must be free in God's
kingdom government
but you should not be thinking of just
yourself and just like I want to see
myself cast out the demon but you should
have the heart for the person and so
when it's your domain or authority when
that person asks for prayer for example
that's your domain your Authority if
they're a family or a friend they come
to you for help they come to you for
prayer and God leads you to pray for
them and cast out the demon pray for
them yes
but number one
make sure that they
become a part of the Kingdom government
of God make sure they come to a church
where the anointing is so that they are
getting equipped they're receiving
impartation of anointing and if there
are high levels of demonic powers in
them beyond what you cast out or what
you couldn't cast out maybe
they will be free when they go there
if you are casting out a demon and it's
a big struggle it doesn't seem to be
going this could this could be sometimes
an indicator that it's a higher level
demon and what is needed is the higher
level of authority so this is why we
should love the church the real church
and understand that it is God's system
of releasing his kingdom completely and
that we need to be United in embracing
and loving his church our whole body
not be obsessed with our our personal
body part but love the whole body
and understand that we all need each
other
when we have this heart this is how we
can see the kingdom of darkness
destroyed completely
it is time that it's not just the
kingdom of darkness United
but that the kingdom of God would be
United
because when that happens we will truly
see the devil's Kingdom destroyed like
never before
Hallelujah
here's an example of what happens when
you come to the church where high-level
anointing and Authority is being
executed spins when the anointing's here
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
allow her to speak
allow her to speak now
[Music]
oh
get away
allow her to speak now stop with your
nonsense now
come here right now
[Music]
thank you
sorry
and suicide suicide I break every
generational curse off of her now and I
cancel every Covenant of suicide now and
I detach her from all she has renounced
on through every sphere attached every
Spirit of Witchcraft suicide anger
depression must leave her one
two
three
foreign
Hallelujah
thank you Lord
I speak complete Freedom now
God freed you hun
gry
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
God was making all of the Demonic
oppression
to come out
the moment you got here
Hallelujah this is God's love for you he
loves you so much he brought you here
just set you free and so you can know
his love he has amazing plans for you
beautiful plans ahead the best days are
ahead of you yes because you're free now
and God has beautiful plans for you to
prosper you
yes I release this anointing over you
now be filled with peace and joy and
nothing but God so the life Abundant
Life now in Jesus name
amen hallelujah hallelujah
[Applause]
so six months ago or seven minutes ago
when you came to True Grace Church she
would only came to drop somebody off at
the church for the Revival
and the power of gods is on you so
strong she had a four inch tumor in her
neck that was cancerous and you spoke a
word she didn't even come up and get
touched or anything you spoke a word and
was healed that night she felt the power
of God and it disappeared
[Music]
[Applause]
ever since you came she's received a lot
of layers of Deliverance and she already
had a dream about this what's going to
happen that Jesus was going to meet her
in the park as we're waiting in all the
traffic we're listening to you on the
phone and the worship is going and she
says oh I'm starting to feel that I'm
starting to feel it she knew Jesus was
going to meet her in a park she didn't
know it was going to be today but here
it is we pulled up in the truck and she
started manifesting and I said I've got
to get you down there and thank God I
mean we made it all the way down and
thank you for stopping in the worship
because this is a great Freedom right
here this is huge you know
[Applause]
you are free
[Applause]
you were you pulled up in the car in
here and she started feeling we were
driving here and she started feeling her
feeling and I said I gotta go park the
truck because she started manifesting in
a truck and screaming out and trying to
cover her mouth she goes as soon as they
pulled up I felt it I knew the anointing
was right here
wow right now this high level Authority
is being executed and every demonic
power principalities must leave in Jesus
name I command every demonic Spirit to
leave you now in Jesus name every level
of demonic power principalities must go
now I Break Every curse of Witchcraft I
break every generational curse I cancel
every sacrifice made upon your life and
I declare complete freedom to you I
release this anointing upon you and I
declare
authority of Christ to rise up in you
this anointing level to increase in you
in Jesus name for you to for you to have
authority over demons for demons to see
your Authority in Jesus name for you to
take your place in the Kingdom
government of God in Jesus name thanks
for joining me I can't wait for the next
episode Revival is now
if I believe now your kingdom is
[Music]
now your kingdom is
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
16/23
