---
Type: Transcript
Playlist: New Believer
Author: Apostle Kathryn Krick
Position: 17/23
YouTube URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGWKyceSsls
Title: The Principle of Sowing & Reaping Part 1 - Revival is Now TV Show - Episode 24
Date: 2023-02-05
Keywords: [not added yet]
---

[Music]
they're the ones
[Music]
hi I'm Apostle Catherine Crick welcome
to another episode of Revival is now in
this episode you will learn the power of
sewing throughout the Bible sewing and
raping is mentioned several times sewing
and reaping is a principle from God a
principle in the spiritual realm there
are different areas in life where God is
calling you to sow so that you may reap
and in every area where God is calling
you to sow it's something you are doing
in the spiritual Realm
and the reaping that will occur will
happen in the spiritual realm it will be
Supernatural reaping it will be the it
will be miraculous reaping and this is a
big part of our Christian walk to live a
supernatural life to live a miraculous
life to be receiving things from God but
God isn't just like give things with us
doing nothing but he actually calls us
to partner with him he calls us to take
action he calls us to obey him to do
things to speak things and
these actions are actually sowing
sowing into the kingdom of God as you're
obeying God and God promises God
promises us that every time we sow we
will reap do not be deceived God cannot
be mocked a man reaps what he sows a man
or a woman reaps what he sows this is
where we see this straightforward
principle of God and sewing and reaping
is truly a principle like it principles
in the spiritual Realm it's like a law
they must happen it's part of how prom
Promises of God come to pass he has
these spiritual laws these principles
set in place where nothing can break
them nothing can stop them so God is
calling you to sow in different areas of
life and one of the areas he calls you
to sow is financially bring all the
tithes into the storehouse so that there
will be enough food in my temple if you
do says the Lord of Heaven's armies I
will open the windows of Heaven for you
I will pour out a blessing so great you
won't have enough room to take it in try
it put me to the test so as I mentioned
there are principles in the spiritual
realm and it's important that we read
the word of God receive Revelation from
the Holy Spirit hear the word of God
like you're hearing today so your eyes
can open up more in the spiritual realm
to really receive and be able to grasp
these principles that God has for us
because how this life that he has given
us of Abundant Life this inheritance
he's given us how that comes is by us
obeying him
by doing things that he's calling us to
do and and in order to do what he's
called us to do we have to know what it
is he's calling us to do we have to
understand his principles and bring
these principles into our life make them
a part of our life that we are applying
God's principles which equals obeying
him
doing the things he's asked us to do so
here we see God saying bring tithes into
the storehouse so that there will be
enough food for my temple so the
Revelation from the scripture for today
is to bring
tied or offering or money finances into
the church and that time it was the
temple that that needed to have enough
provision but today it's the church or
Ministry or work of God
's asking his people to bring these this
these finances into the church into the
ministry so that the church will be
taking care of the ministry will be
taken care of because the church the
ministry they have physical needs many
physical needs and as God takes
Ministries churches to next levels
to be able to reach more people
the need for the finances increases for
example when God opens doors and spreads
the word that he is moving in power and
he's putting hunger in people then tons
of people will start coming to church to
receive from him and so
you can go from a place that fits 100
people to needing a place that fits
several thousands of people a venue that
fits that many people that's one example
of how the the greater things that God
wants to do God will ask actually ask us
to bring more offering finances into his
work into into his church into his
ministry so that it won't be lacking but
it will be able to function and go forth
so God could make money fall down from
the sky and rest on the church
building's roof for example but that's
just not his way his way is that he uses
us he uses us as vessels and one of the
ways that he uses us as vessels is to
give a seed provide finances for us
and ask us to release seeds to give to
be generous and give to the church so
God uses people his children to provide
for the church to provide for the
ministry so here God's asking I want you
to sow this is he's saying so
so into this work of God so into this
church bring offering finances
and then he says when you do this I will
open the windows of Heaven for you
I will pour out a blessing so great
that you won't have enough room to take
it in
try it put me to the test God's saying
test me he's
okay so he wants you to be blessed he
wants to open the windows Heaven of
Heaven he wants support a blessing so
great upon you because he loves you and
because these more blessings that you
are receiving equals glorifying him more
equals you being able to do more for him
and give more and so more and help
others with what he's given you so God
really wants to bless you more than you
want to be blessed he wants to pour out
all sorts of lessons upon you Financial
blessings spiritual blessings but God
has this principle you need to sow
in order to reap in order for God to
release these blessings he has this rule
he has this law in the spiritual realm
you have to sow
so there are so many people that are
that are praying to God asking God
crying out Lord I need this Lord I need
this this thing I need provision
and
many sometimes people are not seeing
what they're praying for in the simple
reason is because they're not following
God's principle
God has all of these resources all of
these Blessings In His Hands in the
position to release unto you ready to
release them to you and wanting more
than you want these things
he wants to release them to you but he
doesn't go against his word he doesn't
go against his principle he needs you to
obey he needs you so in order to rape if
you think about it in the Physical Realm
I mean to see a flower a plant a tree to
see it come to be there has to be a seed
there's no way around it the only way
the reaping will come the the plant will
burst out of the ground is when a seed
has been stoned so we understand that in
the Physical Realm this is truly how it
is in the spiritual realm so we really
need to change our minds sometimes if we
don't have this principle in us we're
asking God we're thinking God's just
like here you go here you go here you go
but meanwhile he has these principles
and you need to follow these principles
or else God cannot release the blessing
this is why God's saying try it put me
to the test you know I see this and I
just hear God being like come on like
encouraging you like I want this for you
so just give it a try so you can see so
I can prove to you that my principle is
true that when you sow you will reap I
will pour out the blessings upon you a
man or woman reaps what he sows so when
you sow into anointed ground to a work
of God where God's power really is where
his works are really being done not
partially but they're fully being done
when people are being healed delivered
saved they're growing closer to God and
they're being equipped to be a powerful
vessel of God and receiving anointing in
their lives and partition when you're
seeing a Ministry or church that is
doing those works of God that is
Anointed ground fertile anointed soil so
when you sow into that ground you are
going to be reaping from that ground
whatever you sow you'll reap in the
Physical Realm if you put if you put
your seeds into a ground that isn't
fertile into a ground that's really dry
the plant that comes out is not going to
be very good something that might come
out but it's not going to be the
fullness of what it could have been if
it was planted in good soil so in the
same way in the spiritual realm when you
plant your seed into the richest ground
you can find where God's leading you to
be into Rich anointed ground what's
going to be bursting out of there is
going to be so healthy and Supernatural
and big you are reaping that anointing
in your life and when you sew
financially this is the way to receive
financially like this is the way when
you're praying to God open the door so
that I can have provision enough money
to pay for my bills so that I can move
from being out of a place of luck so
that I can move out of a place of just
being having just enough Lord when
you're praying these prayers you're
praying Lord let there be favor upon me
with my job with my getting this house
apartment you are actually not called to
only pray but the big thing you're
called to do is sow because God wants
you to live a supernatural life in terms
of your finances too but the only way to
receive the the supernatural Financial
provision is by sewing into God's
anointed ground into his kingdom so God
wants the doors to open to be
Supernatural to be his hands literally
upon it that when someone looks at your
life and they see you financially or
just the doors that have opened for you
that they would see wow this isn't
normal this is just Supernatural so I
have an example of this in my life I
live in Los Angeles and when I moved
here in 2013 I quickly found out that
getting an apartment is not easy that it
is actually like applying for a job I
was applying it for an apartment there
were several other people playing
applying for the same apartment and so
the best application wins I knew I was a
really responsible person and I would
always find a way to pay for rent but I
hadn't built up credit yet and I was
financially didn't have a lot of money
my parents were helping to support me so
my credit was not great and I remember
that feeling of like oh no like this is
hard like how will I get an apartment an
apartment that I like or that's decent
and I'll even get it I remember
searching 10 different apartments and
not finding one or I was applying and I
wasn't getting it and so then there came
a time after I had been doing the work
of God after I had been sewing regularly
for a long time it was time for me to
look for another apartment and I didn't
find many that I liked I only found like
two it was the second month of me
starting to travel every single week so
I just shifted into being the busiest
I've ever had been in my life really
like how on Earth I'm gonna have time to
look for an apartment and I just
squeezed it in when I was home for just
a few hours one day looking at one place
there was two places that I looked I
liked so I looked at one of the places I
looked at that one place and I loved it
it was beautiful it was perfect but then
it came to applying and I remember
applying and thinking like I know how it
is you know I know how this competition
works you know like I don't know but I
believe I have the favor of God and
I applied and I was accepted and I got
the apartment and this is where I'm
sitting right here where I am right now
I was in my apartment now and I've been
here for it was Supernatural let me tell
you and I know that because I've been on
the other side and I just saw how the
the consistency of me continuing to sew
I saw the reaping of it even to be able
to to have this place even financially
has been from Supernatural reaping
there's no way around it it's only
because of sewing and supernaturally God
releasing Financial blessing and favor
this is an example of you know just even
the favor upon getting the provision
that you need a house a car you know
even if your credit's not great or
something like that there's this
Supernatural favor that comes upon you
because you have sowed when we look at
this scripture it's kind of like wow why
wouldn't I sow so much right because
God's saying try it put me to the test
in other words he's saying you're going
to find that I'm true to my word whoever
so sparingly will also reap sparingly
and whoever sews generously will also
reap generously this is once again a
principle this is expanding on the
simplest on the principle of sewing and
reaping in in a garden if you sow one
seed you'll have one plant if you sow
tons of seeds you're going to have tons
of plants this is how it works in the
spiritual realm we must grab this
Revelation and follow this instruction
to so generously because God wants you
to reap generously once again he wants
us more than you because it gives it it
makes this Abundant Life to come in your
life more which makes him to be
glorified more which also and also makes
you to be able to do more works for God
because of the abundance in in your life
because of the doors that are able to be
open because you've sewed it's an it
should be a really a no-brainer when it
comes to offering giving that we would
so generously the thing I think that
holds people back from sewing generously
one of them is they don't have this
Revelation that I'm sharing with you
right now even though it's in the word
of God they just maybe they have not
heard a preaching on it but so many
people they think that when they give to
a church give to the work of God they
are helping to take care of the physical
aspects of the church and they are
pleasing God and that's so true and that
should absolutely be on our heart like
if you've been touched by a Ministry you
should have in your heart that you want
to give back to God and to the ministry
to you know help the vessels in the work
and bless the work of God so that there
wouldn't be struggle because you've been
blessed you should have that Revelation
and you you should have this heart of
like this has helped me this has blessed
me so I want to give back and I want to
help them to even do more so that more
people can be reached and that there's
nothing holding them back because the
finance is not enough finances from
doing more and more and more and
bringing the gospel and the work of God
with with Excellence that should be on
your heart when you give but there is
another Revelation that's very important
to have as you give this is your way to
receive it is not just you like giving
back and saying a thank you but this is
how you are blessed this is how you reap
this is how blessings are poured into
your life this is how you increase
financially if you are struggling
financially you need to sew that's the
way otherwise you're just gonna be
you're gonna be like every other person
struggling you're gonna just be in the
world's way of receiving Finance says
when God wants to be Supernatural so to
get out of that rut that cycle of not
ever having enough like or just having
just enough and being in poverty to get
out of that cycle you have to sow but
this is the other thing that is holding
people back so number one is they're
missing the Revelation so they don't
realize I want to give so much so God
can bless y they're only thinking oh I
want to give back
which should be on our hearts too but
they they need you need to have this
Revelation for you to be able to give
more otherwise it'll be held back to
giving oh this is good like you'll feel
good like yeah I gave good but God's
like I want you to give more more than
you normally would to a charity or as a
thank you like by that I mean you know
like when someone's birthday it's like
the normal amount I don't know what the
normal amount is but let's say twenty
dollars or like a 20 gift card or maybe
a 50 gift card like you know like that's
the normal amount that's like it's good
it's generous you know but it's not like
tons right so in the same way I think in
society we can have this mindset when it
comes to church like giving twenty
dollars or fifty dollars and I mean for
now I'm kind of I'm talking about too
like if you're not in poverty let's say
but because for some people 20 50 they
don't even have that or that's a lot but
I'm saying like if you're not in poverty
let's say we're twenty dollars fifty
dollars isn't really difficult to give
but it's the normal thing to give that's
sometimes how we can treat at church and
just like go through the motions and
when God wants you to have the
Revelation what I so I will reap if I so
sparingly I will reap sparingly if I sow
20 then I'm reaping um 20 worth of
financial blessings in my life like I
mean it's like it's not that much of a
sacrifice as what I'm saying and so God
wants you to sacrifice to give more to
him give more to his work with that
Revelation I'm I'm sewing I'm
sacrificing to the most precious thing
in the world there was someone that
recently said I would give anything to
have as just a zoom call to be prayed
over I would give any amount of money
and the Miracles from God are completely
free completely free from God but just
hearing that just showed like the value
the value of what God brings the value
of the work of God because God chooses
to use vessels so like he doesn't just
drop sermons sermons from the sky um
demons aren't cast out like just from
the heavens from the sky right he
chooses to use vessels to speak through
he chooses to use vessels to put
anointing in to walk in the authority
and cast out demons so this work of God
is like so valuable if people would say
I would give any amount of money that
means that it's it's valuable it's worth
more than the typical thank you gift
that you give to someone or a friend for
a birthday or something when we don't
treat the work of God with that intense
value then there's such a limit to what
we're reaping but when we treat the work
of God with that kind of value and we we
sew with the revelation of I want to
reap mightily I want to reap anointing
Miley I want to reap Supernatural
finances mightily I want to read just
the favor of God in all over my life my
my needs my desires from God doors open
then we must give mightily that's what
holds people back is they're missing
that Revelation that this is a way to
receive mightily giving is also just
such a it's really coming to an end of
yourself this is what I've found and
God's asked me to give when I didn't
think I would ever give that much like
he asked me to give uncomfortable
amounts many many times I saw the fruit
of it no I mean not only the fruit of
the reaping but I'm I'm seeing the fruit
in my spiritual life God's asking me to
surrender and sacrifice more and as I do
that I become more transformed into His
Image money never had really had a hold
over me but over all of us it does to a
certain point until we surrender it
completely until we give so much if it's
not like an idol in terms of your urine
after expensive things so much like
that's such a big part of your passion
and heart if it's not that it probably
has a hold over you on in terms of in
fear in some way like I need this to
survive I need this like I can't give
more because I need this for food for
bills money has a hold on most people
until they give very uncomfortably until
they just release it to God not release
just the crumbs but respond to God obey
God when he says I want you to sacrifice
I want you to give a lot it's a part of
us money like so that's the part of
surrender like the fact that we need
money the fact that we own money it's
like a part of us so we need to when we
need to when we surrender to God it
means giving that to completely to God
and not holding on to it like this is
mine I have my spiritual life but this
is mine and I can decide how I give
nobody need to look to God how much do
you want Lord because it's your money
every single penny that God gives you is
his not a single Cent is yours it's not
because you earned it it's because God
Gave You brains to be able to have a job
God opened up doors for you to be able
to have the job God made there to even
be the company you're working for them
to even have business to be able to give
to you it's all his so we gotta have
that Revelation so that we can give out
give it all to God and I'll say one
other thing that'll hold people back
from giving is they think that if they
give more than 10 or they give if
they're living just where they have just
enough to survive they they feel as if
they're giving something it means they
won't be able to eat or they won't be
able to pay that bill it's like
budgeting but actually remember whenever
you sow you'll reap so anything you give
it comes back and more because it's
supernatural you've given something
physical and you receive something back
Supernatural
so if you give five dollars to God more
than five dollars comes back it's the
Abundant Life that God's releasing to
you it's the supernatural upon that
natural like I said if you are in
poverty the way to get out of that is to
sew and it can feel like well how am I
going to eat today but God will provide
because you've sowed so give more than
the comfortable amount because that's
where you'll see if you're just sewing a
little bit you're only going to be
seeing a little bit of reaping and
you'll you won't get out of that you'll
be stuck there I do want to mention
though that we must walk in wisdom like
like God wants you to work God doesn't
want you to just sit at home I mean
there can be certain Seasons where God
has you not working to spend time with
him there can absolutely be those
seasons and maybe even if you've saved
up a lot of money and you're able to do
that that's great and he can make that
even an extended amount of time but
what's not wisdom is to say I'm not
going to work God's just going to
provide some way and then you find you
have no money what's important is that
if you're in a place where you don't you
have to be real with yourself like am I
not working just because I don't want to
work so you have to be real with
yourself so like if you're struggling
with money and you are at home and not
not working because you don't want to
work then there's not going to be just
money falling from the sky when you sew
so it's important that you're working
when God is calling you to work so that
as you're sewing in this place where
maybe you don't have a lot of money but
you're taking steps you're taking steps
for God to provide more seed this is
where you're going to really see that
tremendous reaping coming but it's not
wisdom to be like I don't want to work
out like out of laziness when God's
actually asking you to and you don't you
only have like a dollar and you give the
dollar and then you're expecting tons of
money to just like come because of the
sewing so it's important it's important
you walk in wisdom to make sure you're
doing what you need to be doing you're
taking the step where God can provide
those seeds to you in a supernatural way
but many times it is coming through work
but it can be things like the the ways
that it can be Supernatural the
provision that comes is like the boss
gives you a promotion or a raise and
it's just the favor of God upon you or
you are working a job and you really
don't want to be working that job you
want to work somewhere else and God
opens a door there because you've sowed
um or there's just people that feel led
to bless you or your business just picks
up things like this is what this
financial provision supernaturally comes
in how how it will look I want to
encourage you to begin sowing to God to
his work if you never have before and if
you have been sewing but you've only
given where it's comfortable for the
most part I want to encourage you to get
out of your comfort zone and begin to so
generously God has many prayers answered
coming to you many blessings gonna that
are going to be released to you promises
being fulfilled but for many of these
the way it's going to come is by your
you sewing and it will be coming as a
raping here's a testimony of the power
of sowing this happened just about a
week and a half ago my husband and I
have been sewing into 5f church now we
have a church and we have a business
we've been sewing in steadily every
month for over a year and back in
November though I just heard the Lord
say double double the giving so we
prayed and we were joyful and we doubled
what we were sowing into the ministry
bringing in seed and God has doubled
what's been coming in to our church God
has doubled the people he is doubling
what's coming I feel like I'm going to
go down
okay he's doubled what's coming into our
business and the anointing is growing
and then he gave me this Revelation as I
was listening to you this last week he
says not only are you bringing your seed
you're bringing the fruit from the seed
that I get from you
because you sow seed into me every
single day of the week that I listen
every single day we listen to you and
and it's growing in me so the Lord says
bring your first fruit so now he keeps
now he just told me he says it's
increasing because it just keeps
multiplying and I heard double before I
even knew you were going to go to a new
building and yet God's just increasing
every area of our life if you hear the
Lord say double don't be scared because
he wants to double your fruit and then
you can bring more and bring not only
seed but fruits first fruits to the Lord
so it's amazing pray God hallelujah
I Break Every curse of poverty off of
you every generational curse of poverty
and lack and I declare everything that's
stopping you from sowing that's trying
to hold your seed I command all those
attacks must be gone now in Jesus name I
declare that as you sow as you so
generously as you so double if that's
what God is leading you to do
I declare the doors of Heaven would be
opened these blessings from Heaven to
come upon you I declare abundance to
come upon you abundance in your finances
in your bank account I speak
Supernatural favor upon you for jobs in
your career your ministry in terms of
things you need houses and cars I speak
that favor to cover you and I declared
doors to open up I speak provision to
come to you for you to be in a place of
Abundant Life no longer in lack no
longer just making it but walking in
abundance so you can so bigger so you
can bless others more so you can sow
into the kingdom of God more to continue
to reap more and more and more in Jesus
name amen we'll see you on the next
episode Revival is now
victory
[Music]
that your glory be ready
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
17/23
