is
[Music]
[Music]
is
[Music]
[Music]
welcome to another episode of revival is
now on the last episode i taught about
the power of your words and that the way
to execute your authority is to use your
words the power of life and death is in
your tongue so as you speak life you are
bringing about god's will to be done and
you're executing your authority properly
you're closing all doors to the devil
and you're advancing god's kingdom but
if you're speaking words of death you're
opening up doors to the enemy and this
is where yokes can come in there can be
oppression
and you could even be partnering with
the enemy's kingdom rather than god's
kingdom there is so much power in your
words you're going to learn today even
more how you can be speaking exactly how
god wants so that you stay in god's will
as a child of god one of the big ways
that you're speaking is in prayer
is speaking to god it's very important
to learn how to pray the right way your
every word carries power whether it's in
prayer to god or whether it's speaking
to friends or just speaking aloud the
devil can hear your words he can't hear
your thoughts but he does hear your
words and he's not omnipresent like god
so it's not like he is listening to
every single person at the same time but
he does have a kingdom of darkness he
does send out demonic spirits
to listen and so we really need to make
sure that our every word is according to
god's will even when we're talking to
god even when you're in the secret place
with god many christians are not praying
with maturity or wisdom and so today
you're going to learn how to pray as a
mature believer of god there are
different aspects to prayer and the
first one is intimacy with god we see
adam and eve walking in the cool of the
garden experiencing intimacy with the
father and this is what god wants for
every single one of his children that
you would be in a real relationship and
have true
intimacy with god the holy spirit is
with you all the time he never leaves
you
and he wants you to be aware that he's
always with you he wants you to bring
him in your life
every day
all day
rejoice always pray without ceasing now
if you're thinking about this in the
religious way which is that prayer is
going into your room and speaking a
bunch of formal vocabulary prayers like
speaking through the language of the
king james version when that's not how
you speak today religious prayers mean
reciting the same prayer again and again
and again
where you're really just reciting
something rather than connecting to an
actual person the person of the holy
spirit god wants you to see him for who
he is just as real as you are he is a
person he has a heart he's not a stone
figure he's not far away only up in
heaven and can't understand you he
created you he knows you
he wants you to connect with him as you
connect with your best friends the
people you love on this earth the most
how do you do that you talk to your
friends
normal like your own personality your
own self you don't look at that person
as if they're judging you the
relationship you're having together you
don't look at the time and say we're
going to be really experiencing intimacy
once we hit one hour that we've been
talking back and forth your
relationships on earth with people you
really love are natural are enjoyable
our fun
are real and so that's how god wants it
to be for you all of those things i just
mentioned the religious way this is how
so much of us in the body of christ have
been kind of like taught how to pray or
we haven't been taught how to pray so
this is just what we think praying
should be like i know for me before my
eyes opened up in the spiritual realm
for most of my life i condemned myself
because i thought i didn't know how to
pray i ended up not praying a lot of the
time because i didn't know how to no one
ever broke it down to me simply as god
wants intimacy be real with him
he's in you always you don't have to be
formal and unnatural but i'm telling you
now be yourself with god renew your mind
that he knows you he's with you and he
loves you just invite him in and so pray
without ceasing if you're thinking about
it in the religious way can seem really
daunting but really pray without ceasing
isn't something too difficult it really
just means include god in your life
throughout your every day it doesn't
always have to be with words just like
how your relationships on earth you're
not talking all the time
sometimes you're just sitting and be
quiet or you look at the person and you
smile or you're just sitting and resting
in god's presence together the important
thing is that there's intimacy without
ceasing meaning sometimes you're talking
with god sometimes you're just saying
thank you sometimes it's as if he's in
the room like
you're excited about something and you
can just say oh i'm so excited about
this god i was doing errands yesterday
and i was having so much fun on like a
date with god like it was just him and
me and it wasn't mundane it wasn't
boring because i renewed my mind that he
was with me and i included him and
little things that would bless my heart
throughout the day that i was seeing
whether it was the nature or or i found
something in a store that i needed and i
was like oh yeah i found this i included
god in that as if he was my best friend
with me doing errands with me going on
planes if i see the sunset or something
or the clouds will say wow god it's so
beautiful thank you lord for this
beautiful sunset you just showed me
that's praying without ceasing so the
first part of your relationship is
intimacy is just simply being intimate
with god including him in your life as
your best friend the second part of
prayer is praise and thanksgiving
and it says it here right in the same
verse rejoice always
which is praising rejoice
pray without ceasing give thanks in all
circumstances for this is the will of
god in christ jesus for you so it says
rejoice always and give thanks in all
circumstances
pray without ceasing so be intimate
always with jesus rejoice always meaning
man remind yourself of god's blessings
that he's given you don't let a blessing
that comes by in your life each day pass
by without rejoicing without
acknowledging that god gave you that
most of my prayer time is praise and
thanksgiving because
the lord has opened up my eyes in the
spiritual realm to
see that i can trust him that i don't
have to worry
that god is faithful that my life is in
his hands
that my feelings are not the truth and
so therefore i can do what the scripture
says rejoice always instead of rejoice
sometimes and complain other times i can
give things in all circumstances not i
can give thanks in sometimes and in
other times when things aren't going my
way i can
pout and complain to god no because i
know god's plans for me are good because
i know i can trust them because he is
faithful because i know that there are
going to be weapons formed against me
but they will not prosper because i know
that the devil will attack me but he
will not succeed because i know that
there are wilderness seasons in life
there are refining fire seasons of life
and god's will isn't always
fun or comfortable but it's perfect
because of all of this i can give thanks
in all circumstances when things are
hard i can thank god thank you lord for
taking me through the fire i know this
is needed there was times when i was in
the wilderness before entering a
promised land of seeing god's promises
come to pass like this revival there
were times in the wilderness where it
was so hard where it was not fun where
there was persecution there were times
when the church was getting smaller and
smaller and smaller and more and more
people would leave and people that i
would love be part of our family at
fightful church would leave and it was
hard i remember one time just being in
the shower and crying and my emotions my
feelings were saying one thing inside
they were saying this is hard like
wanting to complain wanting to pout
wanting to just be upset and wallow but
i am not my feelings my soul does not
have to run the show of my life my
spirit is what was resurrected with
christ and is made one with the holy
spirit my soul and my body are being
transformed into the image of christ i'm
not letting my soul and my flesh control
me i'm making my soul my body be
submitted to this my spirit man which
follows the holy spirit as the leader
and so my spirit says god is faithful
this wilderness is necessary this
refining fire is molding me into the
person that god needs me to be to carry
the promises for my life what i'm going
through right now god is allowing it for
my good i've been praying for the
promises to come to pass this hard time
right now is the answer to those prayers
because i cannot get to the promised
land without going through the refining
fire so my spirit knew this truth my
spirit pushed the soul down my spirit
didn't allow my feelings to to come out
of my mouth but my spirit had been
meditating on god's word and his
goodness my spirit had grown so my
spirit could win and push the soul down
my spirit knows the power of my words my
spirit only wants to please god
and it says you can't please god without
faith it's the only time it talks about
pleasing god in the bible specifically
like that which means the thing that
pleases god the most most is faith so i
say
faith is what pleases god
all i want to do is please god in good
times and bad all i want to do is please
god and i don't want to do anything to
open up the door to the devil by
speaking words of death and slowing down
the road to the promised land or even
aborting it but in that moment there in
that shower through the tears i would
speak god i praise you i thank you lord
for doing what you're doing
for taking me through the refining fire
lord i know you know best
i know this is necessary i know your
control
i thank you lord that you're in control
not me because i don't know what i need
but you know what i need you know what
you need to take me through to refine me
i thank you lord tears
tears i thank you lord i praise you lord
thank you lord and then my feelings
inside are not feeling excited to praise
god but i praise him anyways i think to
many ways i chose to do those things and
it's time right now you learn the mature
way to pray many people think the way to
pray the way to have intimacy with god
is to just let all your feelings out
but that is because they do not know
that they were created to walk in
authority they did not know that you
execute your authority by speaking and
you if you speak words of death you're
handing your authority over to the devil
many christians do not know this
so they live not aware of their words
they live not knowing the devil's
hearing your words he's seeing your lack
of faith he's seen that you're giving in
to your feelings that you are listening
to your feelings over faith and then he
brings the attacks on more and more you
you wedge the door open
now he brings he knows exactly where to
hit you he knows exactly your weak spot
people without this spiritual maturity
with their eyes opened
they're saying just pray to god tell him
all your feelings there's something that
david does he he grows in wisdom and he
says in psalm 43 5 why my soul are you
downcast why so disturbed within me put
your hope in god for i will yet praise
him my savior and my god
this is what we can learn from david
right here
he spoke to his soul he noticed just as
my example when my soul my feelings were
downcast
his spirit was strengthened his spirit
was alive and his spirit could recognize
that his soul needed some work that his
soul needed to submit spirit soul body
needed to follow the holy spirit
and so he says why my soul are you
downcast why so disturbed within me put
your hope in god for i will yet praise
him my savior in in my god the bible
talks about how there's a time to grieve
there's a time to mourn
there's yes and we see jesus
wept when he saw lazarus had died we see
him with anguish in the garden yes
there's a time
to grieve to have sorrow
but there's a difference between
having the emotions of sorrow and
rejecting hope and having the feelings
of sorrow
but not letting the sorrow
rule over you sure there will be
discouragement there will be sorrow
there will be disappointment
there will be grief but all of those
things should not rule over us
and make us go into a place where we're
not thinking of the things of god the
things that are good which jesus says
put your minds on things that are good
always pure lovely admirable worthy of
praise in the times where we're feeling
loss
heartache sadness we should immediately
be speaking to our soul have hope god is
faithful i don't understand this but god
is faithful that's the difference than
being like i don't understand this god
why would you do this god why would you
take this from me god you've made me mad
you've made me sad god why would you do
this i'm so upset
i don't know how it can go on immature
believers think that's the way to be
intimate with god that's the way to be
real with god
but that is letting your feelings
dictate you and complaining to god when
we should always be people of faith even
in the darkest moments of life we should
always want to please god
by having faith
it says
rejoice always
not 99 of the time it says give thanks
in all circumstances so in order to do
these things you have to speak to your
soul and in those places where it's hard
you have to choose to only speak life
in your prayer time into your intimacy
time you have to choose to thank god to
praise him to declare his word to say
lord you are faithful your promises are
yes and amen i don't understand all
that's going on right now but you are
faithful i will praise you through
everything i will praise you through the
storms i will praise you in good times
and bad times i will never give up
i put my trust in my hope and my faith
in you not only is this pleasing to god
because faith is what pleases him but
remember there's power in your words
even in your time of prayer time the
devil's listening and if you are
speaking these words like i think i
should just give up and god i'm mad at
you it's actually opening up a door to
the enemy
to bring a stronghold of
doubt in god to bring a stronghold of
anger anger towards god and anger in
general in your life to bring a
stronghold of depression with my best
friends and my
my parents people i'm really close to i
talk to them differently than i used to
sometimes you can feel like oh you can
gossip about
just to your best friend about somebody
i used to complain to my best friends
and my people i'm close to i used to
speak my feelings
but now i don't do any of those things
now i can be real with my best friend
real with my people i'm close to and
tears in my eyes i can
you know i can get some sort of bad news
or something and be like wow i can't
believe this happened oh my goodness but
at the same time i don't allow myself to
to speak all the emotions that i feel
inside i don't allow myself to be like
i'm so upset i don't know if i'll make
it because this happened
i choose to speak faith god's in control
i trust god
i don't know what's gonna happen but all
i know is i trust god this situation
sure there's the feeling of wanting to
complain there's the feeling of wanting
to speak all your emotions especially to
your best friend
but i choose to be spiritually mature i
choose to be spiritually aware i'm in a
battle every day i'm not going to let
the devil any foothold in my life and
i'm focused on pleasing god every single
day every single day i want to please
him i don't want to forget about not
pleasing him always so that's how i'm
able to have care over my words
so in the same way now that i speak
differently with so much intention to
even the people who are close to me in
my life
this that's the same way for god
speaking with maturity to god
speaking in a way that's pleasing him
speaking full of faith jesus he shows us
this example father if you are willing
take this cup from me yet not my will
but yours be done jesus was sweating
blood he was filled with so much anguish
he knew what was about to happen to him
can you imagine being tortured being
scourged whipped
flesh dripping out of your body so much
blood being shed so much pain he knew
was about to come to him so close and
then being crucified on the cross he
knew clearly what was about to come that
anguish was so intense that he was
literally sweating drops of blood but
yet even in that moment he chose to
speak to his soul not my will even
though his will
he wanted so strongly he just wanted to
live he didn't want to go through that
torture he wanted that that was his will
so strongly he wanted that can you
imagine he was fully human of course all
of us at that moment that's the greatest
thing we want in the world is to not go
through that pain and
crucifixion but he speaks
my will father
your will be done this is what he
chooses to pray instead of i can't do it
i give up lord i can't go through with
this there has to be another way please
please please please
not my will but yours be done the next
part of prayer is seeking god's will
many times when we pray we're just we're
not even thinking about god's will but
we're just praying our will our desires
lord i want this to happen i want this
to happen i want this to happen we're
not even consulting god
but when you pray you should seek his
will lord
i feel as if i'm hearing you in this
area lord please confirm this is you
because i only want your will lord if if
my will is in this at all my feelings
and it's not your will lord please
reveal it to me close that door right
now even though i want this so bad but
if this is not your will please shut the
door lord i just want your will to be
done when you seek with that heart you
are allowing god
to
place you in his hands perfectly guide
you perfectly close every door that
needs to be closed and open every door
that he wants to open
and the last part of prayer that i'm
going to teach you about today
is praying god's will to be done
now most people when they pray they
they're praying ineffective prayers
they're praying
lord do this lord do this lord heal me
of this lord deliver me of this lord
heal this person lord deliver this
person lord bring money in my bank
account
lord i need this get me the job
they're saying god do this do this do
this do this do this but as i taught in
the last episode god's given you
authority he's given us authority as
children of god
and so god actually
needs us to partner with him and bring
his will to this earth so
it's god doing everything but he needs
us to walk in the authority
for his power to move through through us
as jesus says you heal the sick you cast
out demons you raise the dead you do it
you are the person doing this action but
it's my power giving you the ability and
doing the miracles but you need to be
the ones to be healed demons go that's
how it works you can't say uh make the
demons go lord they won't go
because you have the authority you have
to execute it so in the same way this is
how you should pray in every area of
your life
instead of saying god do this god do
this god do this you should be saying i
declare sickness and this body must go
by his stripes i am healed i must be
healed i declare off lots of anxiety all
thoughts of depression all these lies
from the devil in my head they must go i
have perfect peace in jesus christ i
thank you jesus for giving me perfect
peace thank him through this
declaring and make yourself aware that
yes you're the one declaring walking in
the authority but it's
god's power in you that's making
everything to happen when there's lack
in your life you can speak i declare
doors to open up so that there may be
provision and everything that's making
like there be a drain of my finances i
declare all those attacks to end now so
instead of asking god for things you
should constantly be walking in that
authority make sure that it's god's will
seek him in as well but we do know that
abundant life is absolutely god's will
that sickness
lacking in the area
depression anxiety that's not god's will
so when you recognize those things in
your life you can know already what
god's will is and that you can execute
that authority and you will see god
move as you pray now with your spiritual
eyes open you'll see god's will being
done and your prayers become effective
you'll experience intimacy with the holy
spirit like never before i declare your
faith to grow mightily i declare your
spiritual eyes up to open up more and
more and for you to be so discerning and
for you to walk in wisdom walk
constantly in awareness of what you're
speaking i declare you to have intimacy
with the holy spirit like never before
in jesus name may your spiritual eyes be
opened up now to recognize god to be
aware of him throughout your days in
jesus name i declare your words to carry
power i release this anointing upon your
words so that as you speak with
authority god's will will be done in
jesus name i declare your spirit man to
be strengthened and your soul and flesh
to be pushed down everything keeping
your soul strong i declare it to go in
jesus name i declare depression anxiety
sorrow grief to leave you now in jesus
name
and i release the fire of the holy
spirit upon you now roberta malia
to fill you to overflow with the fire of
the holy spirit and be filled with this
anointing now
in jesus name
amen
every now and
then i renounce my grandma telling me
that i'll end up
just like my uncle
he died of
alcohol and drugs
he killed himself
i renounce oh
i right now it's what she said over me
i'm not my uncle
i'm i'm a free son
paid by the blood of christ
[Music]
by your stripes i'm healed father
i renounce what my dad called me as a
child
every now it's being called
i'm stupid stupid i'm smart
and i we're not saying that i hate
my family
[Music]
and i renounce hating my nephews and
nieces i i love them and i would do
anything for stop i'd do anything
i would do anything for them
and i'm not saying i hate my mom
i love my mom
and i love my sister i don't hate her
you know i just want to receive
my father's love and i want to be free
from demonic depression oppression i
want to be free from demons i i don't
want him
anymore amen thank you lord i break
every demonic covenant made with all of
those words spoken now in jesus name i
break every word curse that came upon
you with all those words in jesus name
and i command
on three every last spirit attached
every spirit attached to all of those
first words of death almost leave in
jesus name
one
two
three
amen
thank you jesus
thank you lord
thank you lord hallelujah
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
praise jesus
hallelujah
hallelujah
somebody better stand to their feet and
praise god
somebody better stand to their feet and
praise god
because jesus has the victory
the devil's a loser
he's a liar and he's a loser
thank you jesus
thank you jesus
hallelujah
yes
can we can somebody celebrate the
brother in christ being free
hallelujah
and we are family we're more family than
blood
we are more family than blood that's why
we go crazy as if it's our blood family
that is so good our god is so good
he is so good
thank you
we praise you jesus
we praise you jesus i speak the fire of
the holy spirit to come upon you and
fill you
be filled with god's love
in jesus name
thank you jesus
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for joining me for another
episode of revivals now i can't wait to
see you on the next episode revival is
now
[Music]
your glory
be revealed revival is now your kingdom
is here
we will walk in your victory
[Applause]
[Music]
New Believer
Apostle Kathryn Krick
2/23
